__label__wiki 4e1 404 Not Found  404  Not Found  The resource requested could not be found on this server!   Proudly powered by LiteSpeed Web Server  Please be advised that LiteSpeed Technologies Inc. is not a web hosting company and, as such, has no control over content found on this site.  0
__label__wiki BBC Homepage   • Skip to content   • Accessibility Help   • Your account   • Home   • News   • Sport   • Earth   • Reel   • Worklife   • Travel   • Culture   • Future   • Music   • TV   • Weather   • Sounds More menu More menu Search BBC   • Home   • News   • Sport   • Earth   • Reel   • Worklife   • Travel   • Culture   • Future   • Music   • TV   • Weather   • Sounds Close menu BBC Sport Menu   • Home   • Football   • Cricket   • Formula 1   • Rugby U   • Tennis   • Golf   • Cycling   • Athletics More A-Z Sports   • American Football   • Athletics   • Basketball   • Boxing   • Cricket   • Cycling   • Darts   • Disability Sport   • Football   • Formula 1   • Gaelic Games   • Golf   • Gymnastics   • Horse Racing   • Mixed Martial Arts   • Motorsport   • Netball   • Olympic Sports   • Rugby League   • Rugby Union   • Snooker   • Swimming   • Tennis   • Full Sports A-Z More from Sport   • England   • Scotland   • Wales   • Northern Ireland   • News Feeds   • Help & FAQs   • Premier League   • Scores & Fixtures   • Table   • Top Scorers  Brighton 4-0 Manchester United: Big defeat ends United's Champions League hopes    • Published     7 May 2022 Share page About sharing Brighton goalImage source, Getty Images Image caption,  Brighton's Moises Caicedo became the 100th player to score his first ever Premier League goal against Manchester United  ByMichael Emons BBC Sport at the Amex Stadium  Manchester United suffered a humiliating defeat at the hands of a rampant Brighton at the Amex Stadium - a result that confirmed United would not qualify for next season's Champions League.  Ecuador international Moises Caicedo put the hosts ahead with his first Premier League goal in only his sixth game, with a low 25-yard strike after United's Alex Telles had failed to clear.  The visitors, in interim boss Ralf Rangnick's penultimate game in charge before he is replaced by Erik ten Hag, fell apart in the second half, conceding three goals in quick succession.  Marc Cucurella fired into the roof of the net from Leandro Trossard's pull-back for the second, with Trossard setting up Pascal Gross to calmly steer in a third.    • Are 'humiliated' Man Utd at rock bottom?  Trossard scored Brighton's fourth when he bundled the ball over the line from close range, with the goal eventually given after a video assistant review checked for a handball.  The defeat was United's fifth successive away loss and ensured they cannot finish higher than their current spot of sixth in the Premier League, with only the top four playing in next season's Champions League.  It will be only the fifth time in 30 years that they will not play in Europe's major competition - and they could even miss out on the Europa League and drop into the third-tier Europa Conference League.  They are currently six points ahead of seventh-placed West Ham, who have two games in hand.    • Follow live text and radio coverage of Saturday's Premier League football    • Go straight to all the best Brighton & Hove Albion content    • Visit our Manchester United page  Brilliant Brighton set for their best season ever  Figure caption,  Win over Man Utd a result to cherish - Potter  For Brighton, watched by a record crowd at the Amex of 31,637, this was an evening their fans will remember for years to come.  They have had some great moments this season, drawing at Anfield against Liverpool, drawing home and away against Chelsea, taking four points off Arsenal and winning away at Tottenham. But none compares to this dominant victory over United.  Indeed, the Seagulls were not flattered by the margin of victory and could even have scored more, with Welbeck going close in the first half and unlucky not to add a fifth late on with an excellent effort from 25 yards that curled just past the post.  Meanwhile, United's few chances of note included a Bruno Fernandes effort that was parried by Robert Sanchez.  Edinson Cavani, set to leave the club on a free transfer at the end of the season, thought he had scored a consolation when he steered in Harry Maguire's cross from close range - but that was rightly ruled out for offside.  More remarkably, this was ninth-placed Brighton's first home win of 2022 after only picking up four points from their previous eight games at the Amex.  It kept them on course to claim their first ever top-10 finish in English football's top flight in their 121-year history.  Figure caption,  Man Utd 'just not good enough' - Rangnick  For United, the season cannot end quickly enough. They spent almost £120m on Raphael Varane, Jadon Sancho and five-time Ballon d'Or winner Cristiano Ronaldo, and hopes were high at the start of the season that they could push for the title after coming second last season.  But after Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was sacked in November, the club appointed Rangnick on an interim basis, although he was not given the chance to strengthen the squad in the January transfer window and the club have gone backwards.  Manchester United have been English champions a record 20 times, but the rebuilding task facing Ten Hag, who could win the Dutch Eredivisie on Sunday with current club Ajax, is growing by each match.  On this evidence, he faces the toughest task in football to bring United back to their glory years.  Sorry, we can't display this part of the article any more. Sorry, we can't display this part of the article any more. Everything you need to know about your Premier League team bannerImage source, BBC Sport    • Our coverage of your Premier League club is bigger and better than ever before - here's everything you need to know to make sure you never miss a moment  BBC Sport banner footerImage source, BBC Sport  Related topics    • Manchester United   • Premier League   • Football   • Brighton & Hove Albion  Top stories    • Casemiro's fond farewell - how Brazilian turned Man Utd career around      • Published       43 minutes ago    • Rousey seals perfect ending with 15-second comeback win      • Published       57 minutes ago    • No trophy in turbulent season but Alonso arrival offers Chelsea hope      • Published       8 hours ago  Elsewhere on the BBC    • The globe’s spinning fast. Dive in before the end hits hard      Race Across the World S6    • Inside the first Women’s Six Nations Rugby Championship in 2002      Sporting Witness: The First Women’s Six Nations Rugby Championship    • The Smoggie Queens are back with more out and proud comedy      Smoggie Queens    • The world's first labradoodle      Witness History: The world's first labradoodle  Elsewhere in Sport    • Man City beat Chelsea after brilliant Semenyo goal. VideoMan City beat Chelsea after brilliant Semenyo goal      Antoine Semenyo    • Resilient Celtic time run perfectly to win race after eight-month chase      Celtic players celebrate    • 'We crumbled' - another loss, another unwanted record for leaky Liverpool      Arne Slot    • My quality time with Guardiola - and getting his guide to Barcelona      An image of Pep Guardiola and Tony Pulis laughing and smiling to each other when Manchester City played West Brom in 2017    • I'm a passionate lad and I love it at Everton - Pickford      Wayne Rooney and Jordan Pickford pose in front of a TV screen that has an advert for The Wayne Rooney Show on it    • She made what seemed impossible possible - the Rousey show returns      Ronda Rousey at a news conference to promote her bout with Gina Carano    • The making of the £60K bargain who became an Everton legend      Seamus Coleman graphic    • Parlour? Villa? Gerrard? Ranking best FA Cup final goals      Ray Parlour, Ricky Villa and Steven Gerrard    • Why Newcastle's history makers are breaking up      Newcastle United players celebrate after defeating Liverpool in the 2025 League Cup final at Wembley    • Sutton's predictions v Blossoms & Songer      Sutton's predictions v Blossoms and Songer    • How controversial VAR calls have defined two title battles      Motherwell's Sam Nicholson jumps with Celtic's Aaron Trusty    • Durham to Bedford - Gay's 200-mile drive to tell parents of England call-up      Emilio Gay    • Will F1 go back to the future with its engines?      A close-up image of the rear of Mark Webber's Red Bull-Renault at the 2013 United States Grand Prix    • The summer a golden generation lost its shine      England team photo from 2006 World Cup    • Is 15-year-old IPL wonderkid ready to play for India?      Vaibhav Sooryavanshi   • Home   • News   • Sport   • Earth   • Reel   • Worklife   • Travel   • Culture   • Future   • Music   • TV   • Weather   • Sounds   • Terms of Use   • About the BBC   • Privacy Policy   • Cookies   • Accessibility Help   • Parental Guidance   • Contact the BBC   • BBC emails for you   • Advertise with us  Copyright © 2026 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
__label__wiki 1c144 PEOPLE AND THE PEOPLES’ BUS SERVICE - Newspaper - DAWN.COM Dawn Logo Dawn  Subscribe to notifications  Get the latest news and updates from Dawn  Dawn Logo Dawn  PEOPLE AND THE PEOPLES’ BUS SERVICE  How to save Karachi's new bus service Gulraiz Khan Published July 17, 2022 A brand new Peoples’ Bus Service bus in action | Photos by the writer A brand new Peoples’ Bus Service bus in action | Photos by the writer  Karachi is perennially hot and sticky, but this summer has been hotter and stickier than usual.  As I set out hoping to ride on the newly-inaugurated Peoples’ Bus Service, the season’s first major monsoons are still a day or two away, which means breathing through sheets of stifling humidity. I’ve only walked 50 yards to the Nursery bus stop, but my kurta is drenched. Sweat steadily trickles down my face as I squint, hoping to spot a red moving pixel in the distance.  Buses are unglamorous at best and undesirable at worst. You wouldn’t notice the blue-striped, white bus in New York City if it hit you in the face on a crosswalk, despite there being almost 6,000 of them in the city. Or the almost 4,000 yellow, lilac and blue gentle giants of Istanbul that silently, almost apologetically, glide past you in traffic. When they aren’t unremarkable, like in case of the kitschy, bellowing metal contraptions that masquerade as buses in Karachi, you wouldn’t want to set foot in one if you had any alternative.  For a public transit enthusiast, I must confess that I didn’t love buses much either. Conceptually, buses have survived in one way or another, across the world, for around two centuries, even as their form has evolved. Despite this remarkable resilience, they’ve never been the poster child for public transit, except in recent years with the facelift they’ve received in the form of the Bus Rapid Transit (BRT).   Karachi has got a bold, new bus service. Its buses are spanking new, air-conditioned and ruby red. That’s the good part. But the service is already falling into habits that have doomed public transport initiatives in the city before. Here’s how to make it count this time…   Internationally, no mayor shows off their regular city buses. Most tourist maps show subway/metro systems and skip out on buses altogether. There are hardly any souvenir fridge magnets featuring buses. Perhaps the only exception to this rule, as I learnt earlier this year, is London. If I had a fleet of sleek 9,000 radiant red buses set against a grey and dreary sky, I’d take some pride and joy in that too.  This probably explains why I could hardly contain my joy when giant cutouts of red buses started propping up along Sharae Faisal. I had heard about this project from the former provincial transport minister, Syed Awais Ali Shah, exactly a year ago, but I didn’t believe it until the administrator, Murtaza Wahab, posted videos of the buses arriving at the Karachi Port.  Throughout the week since its launch on June 27 though, I count more cutouts than the actual buses during my commute. So, on this hot and sticky Saturday afternoon, as I spot a moving red pixel in the distance, I feel the acidic mix of cautious joy and latent anxiety rise through my gut to the back of my throat.  The ruby red bus pulls up, gently, and the doors swing open, releasing a gust of chilled air from the inside. I take one short step from the asphalt to the soft rubber floor of the bus and the automatic doors swiftly swing shut behind me. Anyone who has ever taken a bus in Karachi would appreciate this one giant leap for the city’s commuters.  I have just begun to feel the joy of the cold air-conditioned air on my face when a small girl in a tightly wound headscarf, maybe six or seven years old, gets up from her mother’s lap in the front section, stumbles and empties her guts out on the bus floor. I’m not sure if it was the heat, the humidity or our shared anxiety, but her vomit instantly baptises Karachi’s newest bus service.  PARBOILED SERVICE  Passengers have quickly taken to the new bus service Passengers have quickly taken to the new bus service  Besides the giant cutouts and some flashy PR, the service seems to have been hurriedly launched in the face of rising fuel prices (and rising public anger) and the impending second phase of the local government elections in Sindh. Four key elements of a scheduled bus service — timings, route, stops and fare — are all a bit hazy right now. Other elements, including communication, staff training and service quality, are also patchy at best. While any new service, understandably, has teething issues, it is the combination of structural issues, and the ghosts of at least three similar failed attempts in the past, that makes one question the sustainability of this initiative.  The sidewalk at the stop I boarded the bus at, Nursery, is dug up. The grey structure is still dishevelled. Except for the red and white painted kerb, nothing about this stop says new service. The map for Route 1 identifies 38 stops along the roughly 30km corridor and Nursery is one of them. The bus, however, stops again 200m ahead, and then again, about 400m ahead, before reaching the next notified stop, FTC. From there to Tower, the bus would make far more than 38 stops, sometimes stopping in the middle of nowhere to drop off a loud passenger. In the absence of clearly notified and marked stations, each stop is a negotiation between an aggressive passenger, a clueless conductor and a pliant driver.  Some of the passenger aggression stems from confusion over the route. News reports had shared a proposed Route 1 with stops at Jinnah Hospital, Cantt Station, Regal Chowk and Araam Bagh. The actual service doesn’t go to any of them. A more updated route map, shared by the operator on Twitter, shows the service starting from the edge of Model Colony on Jinnah Avenue. The actual bus, however, goes several kilometres deep into the colony, all the way to a railway crossing.  Buses are designed to offer a scheduled and well-defined public service, around which millions of commuters can shape their lives and behaviours. It is a time-tested solution to the vexing problem of urban density and mobility: how do you move millions of people quickly and efficiently? If a bus service starts accommodating individual riders’ requests, or the driver and conductor’s whims, the result is chaos. This is a problem that Karachi’s poorest commuters are all too familiar with.  A defined and published route, with clearly demarcated stops, is therefore the bare minimum that this service needs to offer before customer confidence is eroded. More than a week since its official launch, the Peoples’ Bus Service seems to be struggling with even this bare minimum.  LINGERING ON CHUNDRIGAR  Reverting to bad habits: a conductor without uniform takes cash from a passenger Reverting to bad habits: a conductor without uniform takes cash from a passenger  The freshly baptised bus terminates its south-bound journey at Tower. I stay on for the short victory lap over the circular Jinnah Bridge, watching the conductor count the fare from the trip: a little over 5,000 rupees, from about 100 passengers on this single trip. The bus is parked on the bridge off-ramp, right under the shadow of the Art Deco Qamar House, and the driver and conductor take a break.  In another idling bus right ahead, the driver and conductor are eating from a styrofoam box. Shouldn’t there be a lounge for the staff at the terminals for lunch, a break or just to stretch their legs?  I walk up to the bus right at the front, which is about to start its eastbound trip to Model Colony. A rusting, disfigured Gulistan coach crosses my path ominously, reminding me that these city streets are not for the weak.  A few years ago, while teaching a course on public transit at a university, the students and I took a dive into Karachi’s public buses and coaches. Journalist Mahim Maher had just published a fantastic piece on the deep logic that underpins the seemingly informal, chaotic operations of Marwat Coach. Did this method to the madness apply to all private operators? Was there a layer of occult logic behind all this kitschy chaos?  To investigate, we first met with Irshad Bukhari, the menacing-but-grandfatherly president of the Karachi Transport Ittehad. When we asked him for bus routes and stops, he shared with us a bound file with a page for each route. Each page had names of the neighbourhoods that the buses on that route passed through. No maps. No roads. No landmarks. No stops. Just neighbourhoods. This is how bus routes have been conceived, approved and communicated in Karachi thus far. You can check for yourself: go to Google and search for “Karachi bus routes”. See what shows up even today. Hang your head in disappointment.  To map their routes and stops more accurately, the students and I boarded buses on the route 19-D and 20, from their terminal at Shireen Jinnah Colony. Within a few minutes of their departure, we realised there would be no stops. On the entire stretch from Shireen Jinnah to Kharkar Chowrangi, the bus just lingered, almost like a reluctant, drawn-out warm-up before cardio. Passengers hopped on along the way. No one seemed to be in a hurry to get anywhere. It was almost idyllic, as if it were a tourist bus and not one that people depend on to get to work and around the city.  This lingering was the symptom of decades of divestment in public transport by the government. For private owners and contractors, the only thing that matters is passenger numbers, since each trip has a fixed cost of fuel, labour (driver and conductor) and bhatta plus challans along the way. The more people they could take on the trip, the higher the revenue to offset fixed costs. Time, efficiency, speed or service quality were nowhere on the agenda — not for the owner, nor the provincial transport department that should have been the regulator.  The bus therefore lingered to get on board as many people as it could. It would stop wherever it would spot a paying passenger and begrudgingly slow down just enough for a passenger to jump off to disembark. Who needs bus stops then anyway? This was a system primed to deliver the bare minimum, as it cannibalised itself. Hardly surprising, therefore, that the routes and number of buses decimated, first gradually, then suddenly.  Back in the present-day, the red bus I board takes off exactly at 4pm from Tower, with about 20 visibly delighted passengers. Passengers take their camera phones out to record this momentous occasion. They strike up conversations with strangers, full of marvel and trepidation.  But instead of moving swiftly to the next stop, the bus starts to linger along I I Chundrigar Road. Ten minutes later, we haven’t even crossed the HBL Plaza, halfway through. By the time we reach Shaheen Complex, at the other end of Chundrigar, it is 4.15pm. The bus has covered 3kms, and what would’ve been six stops according to the route map, at a snail’s pace of 12km/hr. This is not because of congestion, or traffic. This is an old habit and a structural misunderstanding of how a bus service should be run, exactly the way it had been for the old buses.  GHOSTS OF BUSES PAST  I would have written off the lingering if it didn’t happen on each of the five trips I took over two days, each time more egregiously than before. On my last ride, from the Model Colony to Nursery, the conductor decides to keep the front doors open and hollers, “Tower! Tower!”, as the bus lingered through the Model Colony Road for a good 10 minutes. I’m not sure if the Gulistan coach that crossed me earlier at Tower was a curse, but the ghosts of all the old buses and coaches seem to be haunting the Peoples’ Bus Service.  I confront the conductor about the door and, after mumbling some excuse, he sheepishly asks the driver to close the doors. To be fair, it may not even be his fault entirely. In his sweat-stained cream shalwar kameez and black slippers two sizes too small, he cut a rather unkempt figure. The night before, the conductor I saw was wearing a uniform. None of the conductors on this Saturday are wearing one. They also appeared a bit lost.  Eager passengers call out to them and ask for tickets. While news reports quoted the transport minister saying the fare would vary from 25 to 50 rupees, all the conductors have on them are booklets of paper tickets marked 50 rupees. Cash is the only way to pay, and if a larger denomination is exchanged, there is a nervous wait to collect enough fare from other passengers to return the change. Occasionally, the conductor shouts out, asking if anyone hasn’t paid for the ride. In the world of bad ideas and awful execution, this is probably the worst way to collect fares in a modern transit system.  Each small failure, or instance of shoddy service, might be forgiven in any other context, but not here.  Karachiites are spooked by the successive failures of such services over the last two decades. Here’s the body count: the city government under Naimatullah Khan imported 32 deep-green, beautiful Swedish buses and ran them on two existing routes. Procured on a discounted commercial loan, their financial sustainability was a non-starter. They disappeared even before Naimatullah’s term was over.  The next mayor, Mustafa Kamal, got 75 locally manufactured CNG buses on three routes, upgraded bus stops and added kiosks for ticketing. Bought from the city government’s budget, they had an annual operational cost of 75 million rupees. Once his term was over, the provincial government refused to fund it and the service petered out.  For years, provincial transport minister Syed Nasir Hussain Shah promised 600 buses, but only 10 eventually hit the road in a pilot project in 2018. I only ever saw them once during my commute to work. No one knows exactly when and how they vanished.  Last June, when I met then-transport minister Syed Awais Shah, he mentioned the incoming 250 buses, but I was sceptical. Turns out he wasn’t bluffing after all. We now have a total of 250 buses, imported from China at a cost of 6.5 billion rupees. Ten of these were allocated for Larkana. The remaining 240 will ply seven routes in Karachi. Another 4 billion rupees have been allocated for purchasing more buses in the current fiscal year. Have we finally turned the corner on broken transit dreams?  Buying new buses is the easiest part. It’s a one-off capital expense, provides political mileage through photo ops and requires no structural adjustments. It is the running of transit operations that is the real challenge and requires political acumen, capacity building and cultural transformation. If we don’t want the Peoples’ Bus Service to go down the route of all previous schemes, here is what we will need to do differently this time around.  BEYOND THE BRT  Bus stop should provide information and a comfortable waiting experience Bus stop should provide information and a comfortable waiting experience  Buses are the cheapest form of mass transit, but there are reasons why they are looked down upon, especially when compared to more expensive trams and trains: they are slow, have limited capacity and usually get stuck in the same snarling traffic on the road that they hope to beat. Luckily for us, cities the world over have been working to address some of these concerns and make buses more effective at moving large numbers of people. A lot of that work is distilled into BRT systems that make buses effectively mimic trains, by providing them dedicated corridors. But this comes at a cost.  In Pakistan, where traffic rules’ enforcement is weak, we build tens of flyovers and underpasses for each line to maintain grade separation and ensure dedicated corridors. That’s how they got the original slur, the jangla bus. We don’t know the final price tag for the Green Line BRT in Karachi, but it would be easily north of 30 billion rupees. The Red and Yellow BRT lines, funded by the Asian Development Bank and World Bank, would cost half a billion dollars each. That’s over 100 billion rupees at today’s exchange rate. To scale up simple public transit by buses, we need to learn from our own failures and, clearly, need to think beyond BRTs.  The first thing to consider would be financial sustainability. The largest chunk of a bus system’s operational cost, between 60 to 70 percent, is the cost of staff and labour, including drivers, mechanics, conductors, cleaners, transit agency staff and so on. This figure is fairly universal: it comes from two different studies, from the United States and India.  For a new system, it would make sense to keep as lean a staff base as possible. Some of these roles are essential — drivers and mechanics — but others can be rationalised. The conductor in the Peoples’ Bus Service is simply collecting fare. With fare collection digitised, there will be no need for this role. The currently employed conductors should be upskilled for other essential roles, as the service scales up. Bloating the service now with non-essential staff will only lead to its eventual collapse and render everyone currently employed jobless.  There will also be no financial stability with a leaky fare box or ghost riders. Fare needs to be collected pre-boarding. Whether you’ve got a top-up card, like the Breeze Card for Green Line BRT, or a paper ticket, it should be purchased off-board and validated digitally at the time of boarding. For this reason, most cities only allow for boarding from the front of the bus, where the driver can see that every passenger getting on has validated their payment method. Digital payment methods would also open the possibility for targeted subsidies in the future.  Next is service availability. You will not get passengers if your service isn’t available, visible or predictable. Routes and timings need to be locked in and made publicly available, both digitally and at bus stops. Stops need to be defined and religiously adhered to. If there is a bus every six minutes, no one will panic if a bus leaves the station without them. If there are service delays and disruptions, they need to be communicated in real time. All of this is now fairly simple with a centralised tracking system, and the company’s official Twitter account has indicated that this is forthcoming. My only gripe is that it should have come yesterday, when the service was launched.  Lastly, service quality, which includes the customer experience both within the buses and at the stations. The terminus at Tower was next to garbage dumpsters. The one at Model Colony was in a dusty, unpaved ground. Except refurbishment of some already existing stations, not a single new station has been added yet.  The station is not just a painted shelter: it’s a touchpoint that should provide information and a comfortable waiting experience. The Metropole station, where I waited from 10.20 to 10.50pm on a Friday night in vain, was dark, dingy and enclosed. The left side of the station was covered in black painted metal. To see if a bus was coming from the corner, I had to stand on the road, where I was partially also scared of getting mugged. Bus stations should not be designed by people who have never actually had to wait at a station in their life.  The only sense of safety I had while waiting for the bus that night, came from the adjacent flower shop that was lit up and had some staff. The best security comes from the presence of people and light, not just from CCTV cameras. Stations should be large, transparent, well-lit and, preferably, host a tuck shop that would double as a source of revenue, point of sale for tickets and provide ambient safety. Some of the existing stops already have a kiosk structure. What’s stopping the transit agency from reviving them?  Nothing says bad service quality more than chhaalia wrappers littered on the floor of a bus that has just started service. When hundreds of people will use a vehicle each trip, it is bound to get dirty. Doing a quick cleanliness check at the end of each trip will go a long way in building people’s trust and ownership.  None of these steps are rocket science. Some of these things are being done in the same city, with the Green Line. Lahore has been running the Speedo feeder bus system effectively for years. It all boils down to public pressure and the consequent political will. Without a watchful regulator and a conscious operator, we know where all such initiatives eventually go in Karachi. South and out. Here’s hoping the Peoples’ Bus Service doesn’t.  The writer is a design researcher and strategist, working in urbanism, finance and education.  They can be reached via gulraiz.khan@gmail.com  Published in Dawn, EOS, July 17th, 2022  Email      25  The writer is a design researcher and strategist, and an urban enthusiast. He can be reached via Twitter @gulraizkhan  Gulraiz Khan Comments (25) Closed Syed Jul 17, 2022 12:27pm People need to be educated ticket receiver needs to be uniformed to see change itself bus stop need to be renovated strict rules busses need to be cleaned sanitised otherwise same old shape will happen need more buses strict monitoring need to be implemented because public is uneducated and unaware and more busses needed and roads banao plz and sewerage Recommend 0 Dr. Salaria, Aamir Ahmad Jul 17, 2022 12:44pm Joke of the century. Recommend 0 AndYou! Jul 17, 2022 12:53pm The management under qualified managers will be able to see through for some time. Otherwise, the corruption through high end low levels especially maintenance would see them parking for good. Can’t expect smooth and honest operational work. Recommend 0 Cye Jul 17, 2022 01:13pm Did you researched How much Commisson did ppp made out of this? Recommend 0 Citizen Jul 17, 2022 01:23pm Good initiative but needs public private partnership Recommend 0 Anonymouseee Jul 17, 2022 02:17pm We need metro trains running through the city, not buses. Recommend 0 Daanish Jul 17, 2022 04:05pm kick back system of PPP, never service public buses. unclean, garbage ridden buses and citizens Recommend 0 AZAM AKBAR Jul 17, 2022 04:24pm Bus service and under the most corrupt PPP? What a joke. Recommend 0 FKhan Jul 17, 2022 04:30pm Ik was right in saying it as jangla Bus and soon it will be like that Recommend 0 Haris Jul 17, 2022 04:49pm Could have summarised this gigantic article in 4-5 bullet points because the problem and solution are well documented and well known to everyone except PPP. Recommend 0 Munawar Ahmed Jul 17, 2022 05:05pm Until political rivalry on transport and minibus mafia are not eliminated, the transport reform will be defeated, as per experiences of metro bus, green bus etc. etc. Recommend 0 Ali S Jul 17, 2022 07:08pm I'll say the unsaid: the biggest difference between the Green line BRT or Lahore's buses and the Peoples Bus Service is that PPP is running this one. That automatically increases its chances of failure by 50x. Recommend 0 Henchi Jul 17, 2022 08:06pm Very clever to use red color on the bus so to camouflage red pan spits. Recommend 0 Fareed Jul 17, 2022 08:08pm Bad habits die hard. Recommend 0 Shiraz Jul 17, 2022 08:59pm Your article and the bits about conductors, maps, timing, etc, reminds me of downfall & eventual wrapping up of the eartwhile Karachi Transport Corporation (KTC). KTC was a very effective, economical & public friendly system. Running Italian Fiat buses, they used to be punctual, neat & clean, on time & convenient way of travelling during mid 70s until early 90s. With bad management, dishonest employees and being the first victim of unrest in Karachi, the service was eventually closed. Recommend 0 Honor Jul 17, 2022 09:14pm These new buses will meet the same fate as in the past. Tickets should be issued from ticketing machines and not by hand in which case either tickets are not given or half given and the other half given to someone else! 50% collection gone!! If Depot Managers are not honest the system will not last and substantial subsidy will be needed to keep it afloat. I should know. I was Chief Technical Officer in EPRTC, Dhaka and in charge of 2 units in KTC., Karachi. Strict accountability is needed. Recommend 0 Akram Jul 17, 2022 09:56pm the karachi public need to have a forum to hold their political leaders to account for such services. In 2022 you would expect a city like karachi to have a proper world class bus service. One more rule for the bus service perhaps might be no eating or drinking on board will take care of most of the rubbish. Recommend 0 Kaspar Jul 17, 2022 09:59pm What happened to KCR Revival? Recommend 0 Ahsan Siddiqui Jul 18, 2022 12:21am IMPORTANT: During the time of UTS busses once i was in a UTS-8 or 4, a mini deliberately rammed to the side of it. and then proceeded to start a fight with the crew on the basis of "Tum Log hamara amdanee cheen they ho". At another time they chased our UTS until our driver confronted the other driver while seated, they yelled out "Tum log hamara route sey hat jao". Basically the mini buses ran the UTS off the road. Any new bus service that starts must keep this in mind. otherwise; failure. Recommend 0 Nabi Jul 18, 2022 12:47am They should bring subways Recommend 0 WaliKhan Jul 18, 2022 03:30am Bus Conductor / Driver Cabin should be bullet proof, just in case. You know, a disgruntled passenger tries to hurt the poor driver, in case the bus does not stop at their door step. Recommend 0 Kursi Jul 18, 2022 05:17am In few months we will be back to dibba busses again. I hope not. Recommend 0 Farooq Jul 18, 2022 05:24am Our awam needs to take care and pride in our sytem Recommend 0 Syed Ali Jul 18, 2022 07:13am Before taking photos the buses should have been washed. Recommend 0 Syed Ali Jul 18, 2022 07:19am You can cut cost ,save some foreign exchange encourage industry by building large manufacturing and assembly plants in Lahore and Karachi to meet country transport needs. Recommend 0 Dawn Logo Dawn  Copyright © 2026  NewsKit Publishing Platform  0
__label__wiki 278e Robert Christgau: Album: Nirvana: Nevermind  Robert Christgau: Dean of American Rock Critics  Consumer Guide:   User's Guide   Grades 1990-   Grades 1969-89   And It Don't Stop Books:   Book Reports   Is It Still Good to Ya?   Going Into the City   Consumer Guide: 90s   Grown Up All Wrong   Consumer Guide: 80s   Consumer Guide: 70s   Any Old Way You Choose It   Don't Stop 'til You Get Enough Xgau Sez Writings:   And It Don't Stop   CG Columns   Rock&Roll& [new]   Rock&Roll& [old]   Music Essays   Music Reviews   Book Reviews   NAJP Blog   Playboy   Blender   Rolling Stone   Billboard   Video Reviews   Pazz & Jop   Recyclables   Newsprint   Lists   Miscellany Bibliography NPR Web Site:   Home   Site Map   Contact   What's New?     RSS Carola Dibbell:   Carola's Website   Archive CG Search: Google Search: Twitter: Follow @rxgau  Consumer Guide Album  Nirvana: Nevermind [DGC, 1991] After years of hair-flailing sludge that achieved occasional songform on singles no normal person ever heard, Seattle finally produces some proper postpunk, aptly described by resident genius Kurt Cobain: "Verse, chorus, verse, chorus, solo, bad solo." This is hard rock as the term was understood before metal moved in--the kind of loud, slovenly, tuneful music you think no one will ever work a change on again until the next time it happens, whereupon you wonder why there isn't loads more. It seems so simple. A 0
__label__wiki 8000 MICHELLE PFEIFFER, THE FACE _______ www.pfeiffertheface.com    Web  www.pfeiffertheface.com        Movies Info-Gallery The extensive collection of Stills, Posters, Promos and all the info about Michelle's Pfilmography. Visit the gallery »   Photoshoots & Covers Shoots sessions and magazine covers ordered by date, magazine and photographer. Visit the gallery »   Red Carpet Gallery A look around all Pfeiffer's life: premieres, parties and acts which Michelle has attended. Visit the gallery »   Press Corner Magazines, articles, interviews... Press of anywhere in the world to read and download. Visit the gallery »   Special Page: Walk Of Fame Star Michelle receives her Star at Hollywood Walk of Fame Access the page »   Aging Gracefully The debate whether or not Michelle Pfeiffer has had plastic surgery. By Tim (Xvaesthirxv) Access the page »  Main  Michelle  Career  Images  Articles  Media  Specials  Extras  Website  Internet  Pforums      Go Back | Refresh | Go Foward | Home        Fourteen Miss Perfection had begun - Miss "perfección" ha nacido  Michelle posing for the promotion of GREASE 2Michelle Pfeiffer was excited before the new challenge, her first important film, Grease 2. Everything was happening so quickly. Allan Carr produced with Robert Stigwood who had a longtime association with the Bee Gees. The group's younger brother Andy Gibb, who would later die of a drug overdose, was the image writers were given to pen their character around. Other contenders for the Michael Carrington role were Shaun Cassidy, David Cassidy's brother, Greg Evigan, who was then the star of the popular TV series BJ and the Bear, rock 'n' roller Rex Smith and singer Rick Springfield. It was Caulfield who was the casting wild card who trumped the others.  Rock star Pat Benatar, Andrea McCardle, who created the role of Annie on Broadway, Lisa Hartman, who was the 'very hot' star of television's Valley of the Dolls, and actress Kristy McNichol were all strong contenders to be the leader of the Pink Ladies. Pfeiffer was the female wild card. The casting interviews and screen tests went on for some months at a cost of around $150,000. Pfeiffer never even tested opposite Caulfield, but did so well working with Shaun Cassidy that she won the role. A role on which much of a $12 million budget was riding.  Maxwell Caulfield and Michelle Pfeiffer... not too chemistry during the filming of GREASE 2Allan Carr had his two stars. Typically, he announced that he had got them both for $100,000. Lorna Luft, Judy Garland's other daughter, was cast as the man-hungry blonde Paula Rebchuck in her film debut. And there was gimmick casting with one-time screen idol Tab Hunter and the bubbly, blonde Connie Stevens - both actors were sixties heart-throbs - cast as teachers at Rydell High.  Pat Birch had never directed a film before. 'I wanted to make Grease 2 more romantic than the first one and to celebrate greasers.' The problem was the promised dazzling charisma of her two leading players. 'I just knew the chemistry would be good between Maxwell and Michelle', predicted Birch before the film took a bath from the critics She tries to shrug off stories that Caulfield and Pfeiffer ended the film loathing each other. Caulfield, always the brash one, said, 'Michelle and I got along infamously.'  Maxell and Michelle as Mixhael Carrington and Stephany Zinone in a still of GREASE 2But during filming it was Pfeiffer who worked to make her first lead role work. She had a scene to do that did no directly involve Caulfield. But she felt it was necessary that he be on the sound stage while she was filming he scene. It helped her. The genesis of Miss Perfection had begun, Other actors on the film remember Caulfield being summoned from lunch and then returning to announce 'This time they had me sitting at the top of a fucking lad der. Michelle wanted me there. I wasn't even on camera'. Pfeiffer's intent was clearer later after she had proved such a perfectionist in film. She wanted to do her best work and true to her acting classes wanted the subject of he scene to be in her if not the camera's focus.  Pfeiffer posing during the promotion of GREASE 2There was little evidence of this determination when Pfeiffer, wearing-jeans and a white T-shirt and no make up, sat at a corner table at Gladstones 4 Fish restaurant, which sits smack on the Pacific Ocean where Sunset Boulevard dead-ends in the Pacific Coast Highway. It was the summer of 1982, and Grease 2 was about to appear on the world's cinema screens.  Pfeiffer - you wouldn't recognize her from her nineties' look - was pleasant, a little shy and wary. You wonder now if she was still shaky from her cult-devotee days. She ordered a salad -Gladstones do even the individual orders in such lavish style they could keep generations of rabbits - but only nibbled at it. The buzz words were all there. Grease 2 was part of a 'wonderful' year. She had married Peter Horton. She was 'happy' with her performance in the film and 'proud' of her work in it. She also said, 'I didn't let Grease 2 go to my head.'  Michelle in a interview on TV during the filming of the film  And then, in that early interview, she made comments that had much subtext:  'My character Stephanie is the first of her group to break away, to start to be independent. And in real life that's frightening. We laugh about it now, but everything is so serious at that age, like the end of the world ... I think that's why I became an actress. I was so dramatic. I felt everything to the extreme.'  Michelle Pfeiffer as Stephany Zinone in GREASE 2  She talked about the plot as though it were the ugly duckling turning into the swan. You have to think of her own life at that time as she said, 'Through the whole film Stephanie changes from being a tomboy kind of snot to a tough little brat. But in the end she turns into a young lady.' Allan Carr and Patricia Birch could have been typecasting without having any notion that they were doing so.  Credits: Picture #5 - Bond's Michelle Pfeiffer Web Page  chapter thirteen | chapter fifteen   Site Stats  Michelle Pfeiffer, The Face © Designed and Maintained by Fran J. González [contact] Madrid Spain. Host: The Fan-Sites Network Online since: June 2, 2002 yahoo personals contadores para web Arte sites  Besucherzahler russian women website counter    Pfeiffer Pfamily Gorgeous Pfeiffer Official Pfeiffer Admiration Location Elite Affiliates Brad Pitt | Simply Brad Claire Danes | Caire Danes Fan Diane Lane | I Heart Diane Elizabeth Perkins | Elizabeth Perkins Fan Hilary Swank | Hilary Swank Fan Julia Roberts | About Julia Madeleine Stowe | Madeleine Online Meg Ryan | Meg Ryan Network Meryl Streep | Simply Streep Natasha Richardson | Adoring Natasha Nicole Kidman | Nicole's Magic Penelope Cruz | Penelope Fan Reese Witherspoon | Glamour Reese Witherspoon Rene Russo | Rene Russo Fan Sarah Jessica Parker | Sarah Jessica Central Sharon Stone | Sharon Stone Europe Sienna Miller | Sienna Online Toni Collette | Toni Collette Online More Affliliates... Disclaimer  PfeifferTheFace is 100% unofficial. We are not in contact with Michelle Pfeiffer, her manager of her family. The site is pfan run, for the pfans. All original text and graphics belong to PfeifferTheFace, all pictures, articles, etc. are copyright to their original owners. This site is non-profit, and is in no way trying to infringe on the copyrights or businesses of any of the entities. Upcoming  Personal Effects Personal Effects (2008) Post–production Details | Images | Official Site  Cheri Cheri (2008) Filming Details | Images | Official Site Make a donation  This pfan-site needs your help to go on growing. Please, read the reasons why you should make a donation and the people who unselfishly are supporting this site, so you can be here, enjoying with us.  Why donate? | Who?  Remember the money collected will be exclusively to fund the site and all the new features.        Go Back | Refresh | Go Foward || Home || Go Top        Michelle | Home/News | NewsArchive | Extensive Biography | Quotes: She | Quotes: They | Awards | Filmography | Movies | Tv-Films | Tv-Series | Guest-Star | Video-Clips | Publicity | Box-Office Gallery | Movie Gallery | Photoshoots & Covers | Red Carpet | Magazines | Media | Videos | Wallpapers | Movie-Wallpapers | Avatars | Artwork | Specials | Walk of Fame | Forums Site Updates | Site Info | Layout & Subwebs | Awards | Internet | Affiliates | Disclaimer | Contact       Copyright © 2002-2008. PfeifferTheFace.com and PfeifferTheFace.Com/Pforum are owned and operated by Fran. All images © to their respectful owners. If you would like something removed please contact me before taking legal action. No copyright infrigement intended. eXTReMe Tracker   0
 Why donate? | Who?  Remember the money collected will be exclusively to fund the site and all the new features.        Go Back | Refresh | Go Foward || Home || Go Top        Michelle | Home/News | NewsArchive | Extensive Biography | Quotes: She | Quotes: They | Awards | Filmography | Movies | Tv-Films | Tv-Series | Guest-Star | Video-Clips | Publicity | Box-Office Gallery | Movie Gallery | Photoshoots & Covers | Red Carpet | Magazines | Media | Videos | Wallpapers | Movie-Wallpapers | Avatars | Artwork | Specials | Walk of Fame | Forums Site Updates | Site Info | Layout & Subwebs | Awards | Internet | Affiliates | Disclaimer | Contact       Copyright © 2002-2008. PfeifferTheFace.com and PfeifferTheFace.Com/Pforum are owned and operated by Fran. All images © to their respectful owners. If you would like something removed please contact me before taking legal action. No copyright infrigement intended. eXTReMe Tracker   0
__label__wiki 8000 Official Site of the Premier League - Barclays Premier League News, Fixtures and Results | System | Error Barclays Home > Error Premier League Home Arsenal Football Club Aston Villa Football Club Birmingham City Football Club Blackburn Rovers Football Club Bolton Wanderers Football Club Chelsea Football Club Derby County Football Club Everton Football Club Fulham Football Club Liverpool Football Club Manchester City Football Club Manchester United Football Club Middlesbrough Football Club Newcastle United Football Club Portsmouth Football Club Reading Football Club Sunderland Football Club Tottenham Hotspur Football Club West Ham United Football Club Wigan Athletic Football Club | Search  All pages     • Home   • Matchday   • Tickets   • News   • Statistics   • Games   • Features   • Premier League   • Photos   • TV   • Contact Us  Coming Soon...   Latest Headlines  Doyle signs for Wolves  Quinn backs tough pay plan  Milner pleased with progress  Germany win Under-21 final  Jacobsen joins Blackburn  Martinez tips Rodallega to shine  Skrtel backs new signing  Edwards commits to Wolves  McLeish sets sights on midfield  Alexander extends Clarets stay  News Archive >  Coming Soon...  This new section will appear shortly. Please check back later. Please note: Fixtures are subject to change. Reproduced under licence from Football DataCo Limited. All rights reserved. Licence no. NEWMEDIA/PREMLGEGE/FDCED0910/118839. Email: Send this article to a friend Print: Print this page Barclays Premier League Barclays Premier League Barclays Barclays Official Sponsor Barclays * Loans * Credit Cards * Mortgages Barclays - Official Title Sponsor Official Website Partners Budweiser Budweiser The New Football Pools The New Football Pools Wrigley's Extra Wrigley's Extra Community Initiative Creating Chances Community Initiative Abuse Likeaballs Abuse Home · Matchday · Tickets · News · Games · Features · Premier League · Photos · © 2002-2009 Premier League · Terms and Conditions · Privacy Policy 0
__label__wiki 008000 Looking after needs of players was key for Cork hurling legend Tough Barry Echo Live Logo   •    •    •    •    • Cork News     Cork Crime Cork Health Cork Education National News Politics Traffic/Transport Send us your news   • Cork Sport     Cork GAA Cork Soccer Cork Rugby Cork Basketball Cork Racing National Sport Other Sports   • Cork Lives     Nostalgia Echo130 Connect Local   • Cork Views   • Wow!   • Business   • Directory     Activities Arts & Entertainment Beauty & Fashion Charities Education & Training Health & Fitness Home & Garden / DIY Hotels & Hospitality Motors Pharmacies Recruitment Trades & Services   • Entertainment     What's On Showbiz National Entertainment   • MORE     Advertise with us Mini Marathon 2026 Find a House Find a Job Competitions Photosales Subscribe epaper Holly Bough Horoscopes Contact Us Cookie Policy Privacy Policy About Us Terms and Conditions Apps Echo podcast Echo Sport Podcast   •    •    •    • Cork News     Cork Crime Cork Health Cork Education National News Politics Traffic/Transport Send us your news   • Cork Sport     Cork GAA Cork Soccer Cork Rugby Cork Basketball Cork Racing National Sport Other Sports   • Cork Lives     Nostalgia Echo130 Connect Local   • Cork Views   • Wow!   • Business   • Directory     Activities Arts & Entertainment Beauty & Fashion Charities Education & Training Health & Fitness Home & Garden / DIY Hotels & Hospitality Motors Pharmacies Recruitment Trades & Services   • Entertainment     What's On Showbiz National Entertainment   • More     Advertise with us Mini Marathon 2026 Find a House Find a Job Competitions Photosales Subscribe epaper Holly Bough Horoscopes Contact Us Cookie Policy Privacy Policy About Us Terms and Conditions Apps Echo podcast Echo Sport Podcast   • news   • lives   • sport   • views Thu, 14 Jan, 2021 - 08:45  Looking after needs of players was key for Cork hurling legend Tough Barry  Despite not having a background in GAA, Barry led Rebels to glory Looking after needs of players was key for Cork hurling legend Tough Barry  William 'Bowler Walsh', Christy Ring and Jim 'Tough' Barry celebrate one of the four in a row All-Ireland wins for Cork hurlers in the 1940s        Dave Hannigan  DURING the build-up to the 1943 All-Ireland hurling final, newspaper reports suggested that Antrim, surprise victors over Kilkenny in the semis, had a secret weapon which they would employ to defeat Cork.  When he gathered his players around him for their first training session before the game, Jim 'Tough' Barry was unequivocal.  “Now we don’t know what the secret weapon is, but the only weapon we have is hurling, and fitness, and this is what we are going to produce.”  His confidence was well-founded.  Antrim were subsequently devoured by 5-16 to 0-4.  The victorious Cork All-Ireland team of 1943 with the late St Finbarr's legend Tom Mulcahy second from the right in the front row. Christy Ring is on his left, while on his right is Din Joe Buckley. Also in the picture are Mick Kennefick, Jim Tough Barry, Paddy O'Donovan, Con Murphy, Dr Jim Young and Willie Murphy. The victorious Cork All-Ireland team of 1943 with the late St Finbarr's legend Tom Mulcahy second from the right in the front row. Christy Ring is on his left, while on his right is Din Joe Buckley. Also in the picture are Mick Kennefick, Jim Tough Barry, Paddy O'Donovan, Con Murphy, Dr Jim Young and Willie Murphy.  The following year, Dublin provided the opposition, the last barrier to the historic four-in-a-row.  On the morning of the final, the journalist Carbery met Barry and found him relaxed and confident.  “My lads are good and very good — an obedient, honest lot of boys who did everything I told them. We’ll win alright.”  The final score was 2-13 to 1-2.  If anybody could judge when a team was ready, it was Barry.  Between 1926 and 1966, he trained 12 Cork teams to All-Ireland titles and co-trained another two.  After Cork were knocked out early in 1934, Limerick enlisted his services and they won an All-Ireland too.  “Jim was not a learned man, but he had a natural intelligence and he was a very practical psychologist,” said Eamonn Young, a member of the All-Ireland winning football team of 1945.  “He knew if there was anything wrong with you and that’s where his charitable disposition came into play.  “He radiated a benevolent personality. He loved people. I remember him saying to me, ‘I look on all of ye as my sons’.”  His record was all the more remarkable because here was a man with no inter-county pedigree of his own.  He hurled for Blackrock in his youth, but it was as a swimmer and an amateur boxer that he’d enjoyed his best days as an athlete.  You don’t have to be a greyhound to train greyhounds,” was his standard response to questions about his own lack of experience at the highest level.  A Washington Street tailor by profession, the always impeccably turned out Barry got involved with Cork in 1926 as an assistant to Packey Mahony.  When Mahony finished up three years later, Barry took over. Although never granted a formal say in the selection of teams, his opinions gained considerable weight over time.  The job specification may have been to get the players fit, but his interpretation of the role went way beyond those parameters.  “Not only did he not play but I also wouldn’t ascribe to Jim a very in-depth knowledge of all the aspects of hurling,” said Jack Lynch in an interview with Mick Dunne on RTÉ Radio.  “He had a tremendous ability to bring out the best in the team he was training. He used to do everything.  “When the training session started, he would go down to the Park to make sure the grass was cut. If it wasn’t he would kick up holy murder! He’d make sure the jerseys were washed and the towels were washed.  “After matches, win or lose, he’d always make sure that the team were sitting down to a good meal and he wouldn’t let anybody interfere.”  PLAYER WELFARE  To Barry, the welfare of his squad was paramount.  If a work situation was interfering with a player’s ability to train or prepare for a big game, he would visit the office or factory, most often seeking out the top man to plead the case of his charge.  An extremely generous individual, he’d dip into his own pocket regularly to help out anybody on the Cork scene who might have been short a few bob for whatever reason.  “He was a very sound judge of how to get a team right for the big day,” said former GAA President Con Murphy, a Cork hurler for 10 years under Barry.  “He wasn’t in the least tough, in the sense of being a hard taskmaster.  “The secret of his success was the way he managed to gain the affection and respect of the players under his charge.  “He’d know when a player had done enough and he’d tell them not to bother training that night. In the week of a match, we’d finish up with his talk to us on a Tuesday or Wednesday night and then he’d tell us not to catch the hurley again until Sunday.  “He always wanted us to keep our appetite fresh.”  During the 12-year famine after Cork’s All-Ireland win of 1954, Barry’s methods came under critical scrutiny from a public starved of success.  The most famous adage he contributed to GAA lore was the classic, 'Cork teams are like mushrooms, the come up overnight'.  In 1966, the hurlers came from nowhere to lift Liam McCarthy in the sweetest of triumphs. The old warhorse proved right again.  Read More  Leeside Legends: Jack Lynch loved hurling long after he left the game  more Cork GAA articles  Tipperary v Cork - Munster GAA Hurling Senior Championship Round 1 Cork captain Darragh Fitzgibbon to miss rest of Munster championship Mark Coleman scores a penalty 9/5/2026 Christy O'Connor on the impact black cards are having on hurling this summer Darragh Fitzgibbon and Bryan O'Mara in action 19/4/2026 John Horgan on hurling: Tipp against Clare could be the game of the season  More in this section  Cork draw with Limerick in last Munster round robin game Cork draw with Limerick in last Munster round robin game Dylan McGlade fires Cobh Ramblers back on track against Athlone Town  Dylan McGlade fires Cobh Ramblers back on track against Athlone Town  Cork Basketball: Neptune will lean on underage talent after appointing Adam Drummond as coach Cork Basketball: Neptune will lean on underage talent after appointing Adam Drummond as coach Cork GAALeeside Legends  Tipperary v Cork - Munster GAA Hurling Senior Championship Round 1  Cork captain Darragh Fitzgibbon to miss rest of Munster championship  READ NOW  Sponsored Content  City Tiles and Bathrooms: Latest trends and timeless colours City Tiles and Bathrooms: Latest trends and timeless colours Step into nature during National Biodiversity Week Step into nature during National Biodiversity Week 55 years of Cork Simon Soup Run: The light that has never gone out 55 years of Cork Simon Soup Run: The light that has never gone out  Evening Update  Keep up-to-date with the top stories in Cork with our daily newsletter straight to your inbox.  Please click here for our privacy statement.  Latest    • Cork captain Darragh Fitzgibbon to miss rest of Munster championship    • Cork draw with Limerick in last Munster round robin game    • Cork man accused of assault and criminal damage granted bail at High Court    • State spent €400,000 on hiring executive jets for Taoiseach  008000  Have you downloaded your FREE ie logo  App?  People holding phone with App  It's all about Cork!  Have you downloaded your FREE ie logo  App?  It's all about Cork!  Download Today  App Store LogoGoogle Play Logo ie logo  Cork Club Champioships  player title  Join Éamonn Murphy, Denis Hurley and Barry O'Mahony on the new season of The Echo Sport Podcast where they'll be analysing The Cork Club Championships.  ie logo  Listen     Subscribe toThe Echo - textePaper - text  Devices with Echo live  Sign up  Download your ePaper app on  App Store LogoGoogle Play Logo  National Sport    • Leinster score 11 tries in Ospreys rout to secure second place in the URC    • Man City celebrate FA Cup glory as Antoine Semenyo strike sees off Chelsea    • Celtic crush Hearts’ dreams as late win clinches fifth straight title    • Kate O'Connor enjoying staying busy after breakthrough 2025 FOLLOW ECHO Created with Sketch.Created with Sketch. Cork News   • Cork Crime   • Cork Health   • Cork Education   • National News   • Politics   • Traffic/Transport   • Send us your news   • Send a letter Cork Sport   • Cork GAA   • Cork Soccer   • Cork Rugby   • Cork Basketball   • Cork Racing   • National Sport   • Other Sports Cork Lives   • Nostalgia   • Wow! Cork Views Business   • Directory Entertainment   • What's On   • Showbiz   • National Entertainment   • Horoscopes   • Competitions  Follow Us    •    •  Services   • Advertise with us   • Mini Marathon 2026   • Find a House   • Find a Job   • Competitions   • Photosales Our Partners   • Irish Examiner   • Breaking News   • RecruitIreland.com Support   • Echo podcast   • Horoscopes   • Contact Us   • Cookie Policy   • Privacy Policy   • About Us   • Cookie settings   • Apps  Echo Live Logo  © Examiner Echo Group Limited, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. Registered in Ireland: 523712.  Contact Us Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions  © Examiner Echo Group Limited  Echo Live Logo  Add Echolive.ie to your home screen - easy access to Cork news, views, sport and more  0
st    • Cork captain Darragh Fitzgibbon to miss rest of Munster championship    • Cork draw with Limerick in last Munster round robin game    • Cork man accused of assault and criminal damage granted bail at High Court    • State spent €400,000 on hiring executive jets for Taoiseach  008000  Have you downloaded your FREE ie logo  App?  People holding phone with App  It's all about Cork!  Have you downloaded your FREE ie logo  App?  It's all about Cork!  Download Today  App Store LogoGoogle Play Logo ie logo  Cork Club Champioships  player title  Join Éamonn Murphy, Denis Hurley and Barry O'Mahony on the new season of The Echo Sport Podcast where they'll be analysing The Cork Club Championships.  ie logo  Listen     Subscribe toThe Echo - textePaper - text  Devices with Echo live  Sign up  Download your ePaper app on  App Store LogoGoogle Play Logo  National Sport    • Leinster score 11 tries in Ospreys rout to secure second place in the URC    • Man City celebrate FA Cup glory as Antoine Semenyo strike sees off Chelsea    • Celtic crush Hearts’ dreams as late win clinches fifth straight title    • Kate O'Connor enjoying staying busy after breakthrough 2025 FOLLOW ECHO Created with Sketch.Created with Sketch. Cork News   • Cork Crime   • Cork Health   • Cork Education   • National News   • Politics   • Traffic/Transport   • Send us your news   • Send a letter Cork Sport   • Cork GAA   • Cork Soccer   • Cork Rugby   • Cork Basketball   • Cork Racing   • National Sport   • Other Sports Cork Lives   • Nostalgia   • Wow! Cork Views Business   • Directory Entertainment   • What's On   • Showbiz   • National Entertainment   • Horoscopes   • Competitions  Follow Us    •    •  Services   • Advertise with us   • Mini Marathon 2026   • Find a House   • Find a Job   • Competitions   • Photosales Our Partners   • Irish Examiner   • Breaking News   • RecruitIreland.com Support   • Echo podcast   • Horoscopes   • Contact Us   • Cookie Policy   • Privacy Policy   • About Us   • Cookie settings   • Apps  Echo Live Logo  © Examiner Echo Group Limited, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. Registered in Ireland: 523712.  Contact Us Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions  © Examiner Echo Group Limited  Echo Live Logo  Add Echolive.ie to your home screen - easy access to Cork news, views, sport and more  0
__label__wiki 9391 Azerbaijan: Party of Democratic Reforms to hold session in Baku, Today.az (2008) —  Skip to content. | Skip to navigation    • Subscribe to the ACE Newsletter  Advanced Search…   • English   Home Encyclopaedia Comparative Data Electoral Materials Support and Advice Regions & Countries About ACE Personal tools   • Log in   • Practitioners' Network You are here: Home → Regions & Countries → Countries and Territories → Azerbaijan → News → Azerbaijan: Party of Democratic Reforms to hold session in Baku, Today.az (2008)   Practitioner Login     English   Subscribe to ACE Newsletter These topic pages provide a quick overview and easy access to all content that can be found on ACE for any give topic of interest - weather encyclopaedia files, electoral materials, comparative data, consolidated replies, case studies, or other.  ELECTORAL FRAMEWORK  Legal Framework Boundary Delimitation Electoral Systems  ELECTORAL PARTICIPATION  Gender and Elections Parties and Candidates Disability and Elections Media and Elections Civic and Voter Education Direct Democracy  ELECTORAL MANAGEMENT  Electoral Management Cost of Elections  ELECTORAL INTEGRITY  Electoral Integrity Campaign Finance Measuring Electoral Quality Election Observation Electoral Assistance  ELECTORAL OPERATIONS  Voter Registration Voting Operations Voter Identification Results Management Out of Country Voting Elections and Technology Elections and Security Countries Encyclopaedia Electoral Materials Comparative Data Election Calendar Observation Portal BRIDGE Extended Learning Latest Updates Ask the Experts Consolidated Replies Find An Expert Access ACE Practitioners' Workspace About ACE The History of ACE Contact ACE ACE Partners Practitioners' Network FAQ  Azerbaijan Azerbaijan    Info  Azerbaijan: Party of Democratic Reforms to hold session in Baku, Today.az (2008)  The session of the Party of Democratic Reforms, functioning in Azerbaijan, will be held on July 19, said spokesman for the party Ulkar Abdullayeva. One of the discussed questions will be the issue of the form of the party's participation in the upcoming presidential elections.  The link address is: http://www.today.az/news/politics/46422.html  Document Actions   • EISA - Promoting Credible Elections & Democratic Governance in Africa   • Elections Canada   • IFES   • International IDEA   • United Nations. Electoral Assistance Division (EAD)   • INE - Instituto Nacional Electoral   • United Nations Development Programme   • The Carter Center   • Contact   • Privacy Policy   • Terms of Use   • Accessibility   • Site Map   • Copyright and Disclaimer  © 1998-2026 ACE project  0
__label__wiki Skip to main content SB NationSB Nation logo Come Fight With UsSunday, May 17, 2026 MMA Fighting homepageMMA FightingMMA Fighting Logo   • The Feed   • UFC   • MMA News   • Betting     • Online Sports Betting     • UFC Odds   • Podcasts   • Schedule     • Fight Schedule     • Fight Results   • Rankings   • Sections     • Results     • Boxing     • Bellator     • Videos   • Newsletters   • About Navigation Drawer   • Login     /     Sign Up   • VideoWatch   • PodcastListen   • In Five GamesPlay   • The Feed   • UFC   • MMA News     • Online Sports Betting     • UFC Odds   • Podcasts     • Fight Schedule     • Fight Results   • Rankings     • Results     • Boxing     • Bellator     • Videos   • Newsletters   • About   • Community Guidelines   • All communities   • Facebook   • Twitter   • Youtube   • RSS Community LogoMMA Fighting World MMA Awards 2010 Winners   • News  World MMA Awards 2010 Winners  by Bryan Tucker Dec 2, 2010, 3:00 AM UTC Bryan Tucker is the managing editor-in-chief of MMA Fighting and the executive director of combat sports at SB Nation. He has led MMA Fighting since 2009. Randy Couture will hose the World MMA Awards 2010.  LAS VEGAS – MMA Fighting will have World MMA Awards 2010 winners and results live tonight from The Pearl at The Palms Casino Resort. This is the third year for the awards program, which was created in 2008 by Fighters Only magazine. Nominees and eventual winners are determined by online fan voting in categories such as Fighter of the Year, Knockout of the Year and Breakthrough Fighter of the Year, as well as non-fight specific categories like Ring Girl of the Year and Most Memorable Ring Entrance. Last year’s winners included UFC president Dana White as Leading Man of the Year, Georges St-Pierre for Fighter of the Year and Brock Lesnar for Breakthrough Fighter of the Year. At the 2010 awards, MMA Fighting is nominated for Best Media Source, and MMA Fighting’s Ariel Helwani is up for MMA Journalist of the Year. This year’s show is being hosted by UFC Hall of Famer Randy Couture with co-host Molly Qerim from the Versus network. The awards will stream live at Versus.com starting at 10:30 p.m. Eastern on Wednesday. An edited one-hour highlights version of the show will air on Versus on Dec. 9 at 10 p.m. Eastern. MMA Fighting will update here throughout the night as the winners are announced, and we’ll have behind-the-scenes comments from the winners, as well. The show is a little late getting started, but should be underway soon. Lots of MMA celebrities – and mainstream celebs, too – on hand tonight at The Palms. Referee of the Year Herb Dean John McCarthy Dan Miragliotta Josh Rosenthal Mario Yamasaki WINNER: Herb Dean Herb thanks the best sport on earth and the best athletes on earth for his win. Best Technical Clothing Brand Bad Boy Hayabusa Jaco TapouT Venum WINNER: Bad Boy Best Technical Equipment Brand Everlast Fairtex Hayabusa TapouT Venum WINNER: Everlast Media Source of the Year Inside MMA MMA Fighting MMA Junkie MMA Weekly Sherdog WINNER: MMA Junkie Congrats to the folks at MMA Junkie. This is their third nomination and third win. Best Promotion Bellator DREAM Strikeforce UFC WEC WINNER: UFC Submission of the Year Fabricio Werdum vs. Fedor Emelianenko, Strikeforce: Fedor vs. Werdum Cole Miller vs. Dan Lauzon, UFC 108 Chris Leben vs. Yoshihiro Akiyama, UFC 116 Matt Hughes vs. Ricardo Almeida, UFC 117 Anderson Silva vs. Chael Sonnen, UFC 117 WINNER: Fabricio Werdum vs. Fedor Emelianenko, Strikeforce: Fedor vs. Werdum Gym of the Year American Kickboxing Academy American Top Team Black House Greg Jackson Wand Fight Team WINNER: Wand Fight Team MMA Journalist of the Year Conner Cordova, MMA Religion Gareth A. Davies, The Daily Telegraph Ariel Helwani, MMA Fighting John Morgan, MMA Junkie Aaron Teweles, Freelance Journalist WINNER: Ariel Helwani, MMA Fighting Well ... we’ll let bias come into play, just for a second. Obviously major congrats to MMA Fighting’s very own Ariel Helwani. Great speech, dedicating his win to all the fighters, as well as to the media outlets and bosses that help him pursue his dream of being an MMA journalist. Coach of the Year Rafael Cordeiro Cesar Gracie Greg Jackson Shawn Tompkins Firas Zahabi WINNER: Greg Jackson Best Lifestyle Clothing Brand Affliction FightChix RVCA Silver Star TapouT WINNER: TapouT International Fighter of the Year Shinya Aoki John Hathaway Dan Hardy Alistair Overeem George Sotiropoulos WINNER: Alistair Overeem Overeem is in Japan for K-1 and accepts his award via a pre-taped speech. Ring Girl of the Year Arianny Celeste Rachelle Leah Brittney Palmer Chandella Powell Natalie Skyy WINNER: Arianny Celeste Leading Man of the Year Scott Coker Bjorn Rebney Michael Schiavello Joe Silva Dana White WINNER: Dana White Dana White repeats in the category. No tux for him. He’s wearing the same thing he always wears. But I guess that’s allowed. Dana thanks the fans, naturally. Most Memorable Ring Entrance Clay Guida Muhammad “King Mo” Lawal Tom Lawlor Jason Miller Anderson Silva WINNER: Jason Miller The show behind the show: Miller was back here in the post-win media room snagging a free water and realized his category was up. He was walking out as he won the award and was late getting to the stage ... entrance winner, indeed. Fight of the Year Jorge Santiago vs. Kazuo Misaki, Sengoku 14 Chris Leben vs. Yoshihiro Akiyama, UFC 116 Brock Lesnar vs. Shane Carwin, UFC 116 Anderson Silva vs. Chael Sonnen, UFC 117 Chan Sung Jung vs. Leonard Garcia, WEC 48 WINNER: Anderson Silva vs. Chael Sonnen, UFC 117 Awkward timing that Silva and Sonnen get this award the day before Sonnen’s hearing for his performance enhancing drugs suspension. Silva accepts via a taped segment. Female Fighter of the Year Zoila Frausto Megumi Fujii Sarah Kaufman Cristiane Santos Miesha Tate WINNER: Cristiane Santos Knockout of the Year Cain Velasquez vs. Antonio Nogueira, UFC 110 Lyoto Machida vs. Mauricio Rua, UFC 113 Mike Russow vs. Todd Duffee, UFC 114 Rich Franklin vs. Chuck Liddell, UFC 115 Anthony Njokuani vs. Chris Horodecki, WEC 45 WINNER: Mauricio Rua over Lyoto Machida, UFC 113 Breakthrough Fighter of the Year Evan Dunham John Hathaway Jon Jones Charles Oliveira George Sotiropoulos WINNER: Jon Jones The Charles ‘Mask’ Lewis Fighter of the Year Jose Aldo Frankie Edgar Brock Lesnar Mauricio Rua Anderson Silva WINNER: Jose Aldo  See More:   • News  MMA Fighting  A daily roundup of UFC and MMA news and results  By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Advertiser Content From Sponsor Logo  This is the title for the native ad  Sponsor thumbnail  More in News  Thad Jean, Shamil Musaev square off for vacant PFL welterweight title on July 25 May 14 Thad Jean, Shamil Musaev square off for vacant PFL welterweight title on July 25 Yoel Romero vs. Hector Lombard set for Gamebred Bareknuckle MMA matchup Apr 11 Yoel Romero vs. Hector Lombard set for Gamebred Bareknuckle MMA matchup Gable Steveson trusts Jon Jones to lead him to the greatest heights in combat sports: ‘He knows best’ Apr 2 Gable Steveson trusts Jon Jones to lead him to the greatest heights in combat sports: ‘He knows best’ Video: Ronda Rousey and Gina Carano face off for the first time Mar 10 Video: Ronda Rousey and Gina Carano face off for the first time Anything but fighting: Ricky Turcios loves Dragon Ball Z, Full Metal Alchemist, More Mar 2 Anything but fighting: Ricky Turcios loves Dragon Ball Z, Full Metal Alchemist, More PFL CEO addresses potential superfight between Dakota Ditcheva and Cris Cyborg Feb 19 PFL CEO addresses potential superfight between Dakota Ditcheva and Cris Cyborg NewsMay 14 Thad Jean, Shamil Musaev square off for vacant PFL welterweight title on July 25Thad Jean, Shamil Musaev square off for vacant PFL welterweight title on July 25 NewsMay 14 Thad Jean, Shamil Musaev square off for vacant PFL welterweight title on July 25  The PFL announced that Thad Jean takes on Shamil Musaev for the vacant PFL welterweight title this summer  By Jed Meshew Latest NewsApr 11 Yoel Romero vs. Hector Lombard set for Gamebred Bareknuckle MMA matchupYoel Romero vs. Hector Lombard set for Gamebred Bareknuckle MMA matchup Latest NewsApr 11 Yoel Romero vs. Hector Lombard set for Gamebred Bareknuckle MMA matchup  Jorge Masvidal announced that Yoel Romero will face Hector Lombard in a bare-knuckle MMA fight in May.  By Mike Heck UFCApr 2 Gable Steveson trusts Jon Jones to lead him to the greatest heights in combat sports: ‘He knows best’Gable Steveson trusts Jon Jones to lead him to the greatest heights in combat sports: ‘He knows best’ UFCApr 2 Gable Steveson trusts Jon Jones to lead him to the greatest heights in combat sports: ‘He knows best’  Gable Steveson helped Jon Jones get ready for Stipe Miocic and now counts him as a friend and coach  By Damon Martin NewsMar 10 Video: Ronda Rousey and Gina Carano face off for the first timeVideo: Ronda Rousey and Gina Carano face off for the first time NewsMar 10 Video: Ronda Rousey and Gina Carano face off for the first time  Ronda Rousey and Gina Carano will fight on May 16 in MMA  By Jed Meshew VideosMar 2 Anything but fighting: Ricky Turcios loves Dragon Ball Z, Full Metal Alchemist, MoreAnything but fighting: Ricky Turcios loves Dragon Ball Z, Full Metal Alchemist, More VideosMar 2 Anything but fighting: Ricky Turcios loves Dragon Ball Z, Full Metal Alchemist, More  Ahead of UFC 326, Ricky Turcios joins MMA Fighting’s José Youngs to discuss his love for anime, Dragon Ball Z, Full Metal Alchemist, and more.  By Joseph Youngs and José Youngs PFLFeb 19 PFL CEO addresses potential superfight between Dakota Ditcheva and Cris CyborgPFL CEO addresses potential superfight between Dakota Ditcheva and Cris Cyborg PFLFeb 19 PFL CEO addresses potential superfight between Dakota Ditcheva and Cris Cyborg  Dakota Ditcheva is recovering from a hand injury that prevented her from fighting at PFL Dubai  By Damon Martin Advertiser Content From Sponsor Logo  This is the title for the native ad  The Latest  53 minutes ago Reaction: Dana White announces Conor McGregor vs. Max Holloway 2 during MVP MMA card﻿Podcast Two hours ago ‘Glad I didn’t have to pay for that’: Pros react to Ronda Rousey’s anticlimactic win over Gina Carano at MVP MMA Two hours ago Ronda Rousey needs just 17 seconds to tap out Gina Carano with signature armbar submission Two hours ago Ronda Rousey vs. Gina Carano full fight video highlights Two hours ago Ronda Rousey vs. Gina Carano MVP MMA live blog Two hours ago Rousey vs. Carano salaries: Ronda Rousey, Gina Carano and Francis Ngannou earn 7-figure paydays MMA Fighting: UFC, Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) News, Results Logo   • Facebook   • Twitter   • Youtube   • RSS   • The Feed   • Masthead   • Community Guidelines   • Facebook   • Twitter   • YouTube   • Contact   • Have a news tip?   • Browse Communities   • SB Nation Staff   • Job Opportunities   • Editorial Ethics & Guidelines   • DMCA Policy   • Privacy Policy   • Terms of Use   • Cookie Policy   • Licensing   • Accessibility   • Platform Status  © 2026 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved  Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
pportunities   • Editorial Ethics & Guidelines   • DMCA Policy   • Privacy Policy   • Terms of Use   • Cookie Policy   • Licensing   • Accessibility   • Platform Status  © 2026 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved  Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
__label__wiki AllAfrica English (current) En Français   • Toggle navigation   • My Account Toggle navigation AllAfrica My Account English (current) En Français  Zambia: Clever Silavwe Fired  24 October 2006 The Times of Zambia (Ndola)  PRESIDENT Levy Mwanawasa has with immediate effect terminated the services of Northern Province Minister Clever Silavwe.  The decision to terminate Mr Silavwe's appointment has been done in the national interest. He was re-appointed two weeks ago at the first Press conference by the President since his re-election.  ...  AllAfrica Subscription Content  You must be an allAfrica.com subscriber for full access to certain content.  You have selected an article from the AllAfrica archive, which requires a subscription. You can subscribe by visiting our subscription page. Or for more information about becoming a subscriber, you can read our subscription and contribution overview.  For information about our premium subscription services:   • Individuals   • Educational Institutions   • Global Institutions and Corporations  You can also freely access - without a subscription - hundreds of today's top Africa stories and thousands of recent news articles from our home page »  Already a subscriber? Sign in for full access to article  Sign In Forgot your password? Having trouble logging in? Contact Us.  Tagged:   • Zambia   • Southern Africa Copyright © 2006 The Times of Zambia. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media (allAfrica.com). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections — or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here.  AllAfrica publishes around 600 reports a day from more than 90 news organizations and over 500 other institutions and individuals, representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct.  Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica. To address comments or complaints, please Contact us.  AllAfrica is a voice of, by and about Africa - aggregating, producing and distributing 600 news and information items daily from over 90 African news organizations and our own reporters to an African and global public. We operate from Cape Town, Dakar, Abuja, Johannesburg, Nairobi and Washington DC.    • Support our work   • Sign up for our newsletter   • For Advertisers   • Subscribe Get it on Google Play Download on the App Store   • © 2026 AllAfrica   • Privacy Policy   • Contact Us   • About Us AllAfrica - All the Time  Sign up for free AllAfrica Newsletters  Get the latest in African news delivered straight to your inbox  By submitting above, you agree to our privacy policy.  Success!  Almost finished...  We need to confirm your email address.  To complete the process, please follow the instructions in the email we just sent you.  Error!  Error!  There was a problem processing your submission. Please try again later.
__label__wiki 1A84 Justin Timberlake And Jay-Z Confirm 'Legends Of The Summer' 2013 Stadium Tour? - Capital     Skip to content     skip to navigation      Capital      Listen      On Air Now      Lydia Rodford 5am - 9am      Lydia Rodford      Now Playing      Think About Us Sonny Fodera, D.O.D & Poppy Baskcomb Download 'Think About Us' on iTunes      Think About Us artwork     • Last Played Songs     • Schedule     • Home     • Choose your location     • Radio     • News     • Artists     • Charity     • Store     • TV & Film     • Music     • Celebrity     • Capital Buzz     • Internet     • Events     • Win     • Follow us on:       Follow Capital on Facebook       Follow Capital on Instagram       Follow Capital on Youtube      Artists      Justin Timberlake      • Justin Timberlake Home     • News     • Photos     • Videos     • Music     • More Artists      Justin Timberlake And Jay-Z Confirm 'Legends Of The Summer' 2013 Stadium Tour?      22 February 2013, 14:23      Facebook share      The 'SexyBack' singer and the rapper will apparently head out on a 12-date jaunt across a series of US cities.      Justin Timberlake and Jay-Z have reportedly teased details of an apparent joint summer tour for 2013.      Rumours of a stadium outing between the two stars have been rife for weeks with the rapper taking to his Life + Times blog to post a series of venues tagged with the note #LegendsOfSummer this week.      If confirmed, the pair will play 12 dates across the US this summer including the famous New York Yankee Stadium and Fenway Park in Boston.      No dates or further countries have been teased as of yet – with fans on Twitter anticipating an imminent announcement confirming the reports soon.      It was also recently announced that the pair will co-headline this summer's Wireless Festival at the Olympic Park in London.       Check out a full list of the teased tour venues below:      Yankee Stadium, Bronx, New York     Hershey Park Stadium, Hershey, Pennsylvania     Citizen Bank Park, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania     M&T Bank Stadium, Baltimore, Maryland     Soldier Field, Chicago, Illinois     Ford Field, Detroit, Michigan     Rose Bowl Stadium, Pasadena, California     Candlestick Park, San Francisco, California     Sun Life Stadium, Miami, Florida     Fenway Park, Boston, Massachusetts     BC Place Stadium, Vancouver, Canada     Rogers Center, Toronto, Canada      Meanwhile, Justin performed his new song 'Mirrors' for the first time at the BRIT Awards 2013 this week as well as his own headline show at The Forum in Kentish Town.      Facebook share      Justin Timberlake Music      See more Justin Timberlake Music      Like I Love You artwork     Like I Love You     Justin Timberlake     Download on 2B40 iTunes     Signs artwork     Signs     Snoop Dogg / Justin Timberlake     Like I Love You artwork     Like I Love You     Justin Timberlake     SexyBack artwork     SexyBack     Justin Timberlake     Download 'SexyBack' on iTunes      Justin Timberlake News      See more Justin Timberlake News      Hailey Bieber responds to hate with sweet comment      Hailey Bieber responds to hate with sweet comment      News      Justin Timberlake Videos      See more Justin Timberlake Videos      Hailey Bieber's dad says Jack Blues in 'unbelievably cute'      Hailey Bieber's Dad Reveals When Baby Jack Blues Bieber Will Make His First Public Appearance      News      Justin Timberlake Pictures      See more Justin Timberlake Pictures      Justin Timberlake at the Summertime Ball 2013      Justin Timberlake At The Summertime Ball 2013 - Pictures      Back to top      Also on Capital FM      • Love Island     • MAFS Australia     • Taylor Swift     • Competition Terms and Conditions     • Capital Breakfast with Jordan North, Chris Stark and Sian Welby     • Capital Dance     • Capital Anthems     • Capital Buzz     • Bridgerton     • Podcasts     • Topics     • New Music     • Married at First Sight UK     • Listen to Global Player     • How to listen to Capital Chill     • Global Academy     • Netflix     • One Direction     • Harry Styles     • Capital Playlist      Useful Links      • Contact Us     • Help     • How To Listen     • Company Details     • Cookies     • Public File     • Privacy     • Terms & Conditions     • Advertise     • Global Careers     • Smooth Spins Casino     • Heart Bingo      Download the app      Get it on the app store Get it on Google Play      Follow Us      Follow Capital on Facebook     Follow Capital on Instagram     Follow Capital on Youtube     © Global 2026     30 Leicester Square, London, WC2H 7LA     Privacy Manager     0
__label__wiki Skip to contentToday's paper Newsday Long IslandSportsNewsRestaurantsOpinionBusinessThings to DoSchoolsObituariesNewsday TVSearch  The page you requested is not available.  The page you are looking for might have been removed, had its name changed, or is temporarily unavailable.  Please try the following:    • If you typed the page address in the Address bar, make sure that it is spelled correctly.   • Open the www.newsday.com home page and look for links to the information you want.   • Use the navigation bar on the top to find the link you are looking for.   • Click the Back button to try another link.   • Enter a term in the search to look for information on newsday sites or the Internet.   • Please contact us to report a bad link or technical issue.  Stay logged in.  The Newsday app makes it easier to access content without having to log in.  in the app Didn't find what you were looking for?  Quick Links  About UsSubscribeToday's paperEmail newslettersNewsday LiveCareersManage my accountMobile & TV appsContestsArchives  Advertising  Media KitBrand 360Newsday ProductionsNewsday ConnectClassifiedsPublic Notices  News  Long IslandSportsOpinionPoliticsNewsBusinessTownsHigh school sports  Featured  FunbookObituariesCrosswordsThings to DoEntertainmentRestaurantsFamilyTravelNextLI  Terms of service | Subscription terms | Privacy Policy | California Privacy Rights | About Us | Contact Newsday | Reprints & permissions | Advertise with Newsday | Help | AI policy |  Your Privacy Choices  Copyright ©2026 Newsday. All rights reserved.
__label__wiki 8000 Diehard GameFAN | Tabletop Review: Spelljammer: Adventures in Space (Advanced Dungeons & Dragons, Second Edition) Movies TV Comics Wrestling Games MMA/Boxing Figures Tabletop Review: Spelljammer: Adventures in Space (Advanced Dungeons & Dragons, Second Edition) by Alex Lucard on March 7, 2014 Tweet  Spelljammer: Adventures in Space (Advanced Dungeons & Dragons 2nd Edition) Publisher: Wizards of the Coast Page Count: 248 Pages across two books Cost: $9.99 Release Date: 03/04/2014 (Originally 1989) Get it Here: DNDClassics.com  Wow. I can’t express how happy I am to have the Spelljammer: Adventures in Space boxed set once again available to the public. Sure it’s in PDF form instead of in a fun box, but you can’t lose the maps and ship handouts with a digital copy like twelve year old me did with the physical version. Spelljammer is just such a fun and fantastic idea and along with Planescape and Ravenloft, it remains one of my three big campaign settings for Advanced Dungeons & Dragons and is a big part of why 2e is my favorite version of D&D.  Spelljammer somehow manages to change everything you know about D&D while still holding true to the mechanics and core ideas of the game. Through it, you can have a wonderful blend of sci-fi filtered through a high fantasy lens along with the ability to travel from say Oerth to Krynn and then on to Toril. It’s really a wonderful idea and in fact, one started by Gary Gygax himself with Expedition to the Barrier Peaks. After all this earlier OD&D adventure had characters entering a sci-fi location with strange aliens and technological marvels a plenty. What Spelljammer did was simply flesh out the sci-fi aspects of Advanced Dungeons & Dragons while still making them work with wizardry and iron age combat. Spelljammer is the setting where Beholders and Mind Flayers were given complete ecologies, histories and homeworld. It’s the setting where the tinker gnomes of Dragonlance were given a serious look. It’s where Lizardmen were first treated as a playable PC race. It’s the setting that gave us Giffs, Neogi, my beloved Rastipedes and of course GIANT SPACE HAMSTERS. I could go on for hours about everything that makes Spelljammer so entertaining, but suffice to say, the fact that you are getting the full boxed set for only $9.99 makes this not only a must buy, but perhaps the biggest bargain on DNDclassics.com  Spelljammer: Adventures in Space gives you two core books. You get The Concordance of Arcane Space and Lorebook of the Void. The original physical boxed set also came with eleven handouts and four maps. These are now included with The Concordance of Arcane Space‘s PDF. Everything looks as crisp, clear and colorful as with the original print copies and it’s easy to read all of these on either computers or e-readers like a Kindle Fire. Now, the maps and handouts are only the size of a regular page now that they are in PDF form, but that’s a minor kibble at best.  The book you should read first is The Concordance of Arcane Space as it gives you the introduction to Spelljammer. Here you get an overview of the setting and what to expect from it. This is where terms like Wildspace, Phlogiston Spheres and other Spelljammer specific jargon gets explained for the very first time. Even if you never play a Spelljammer campaign, the explanation for everything is just so fascinating, fun and imaginative, that you’ll enjoy reading it. I can’t believe how fresh this feels even twenty five years later. Rules for air quality, gravity, temperature and time are all things that you’ll find in The Concordance of Arcane Space – mechanics you’d never need or even think of for other campaign settings.  Although most of the playable new races are found in The Complete Spacefarer’s Handbook, you will find rules for Lizardmen PCs here. You’ll also find some very important rules for playing a Cleric in Spelljammer and how it can be quite hard to gain spells outside of you God’s sphere of influence. Conjuring and Summoning spells also take on different characteristics. Fire however may have the biggest impediment. This means a lot of common spells and especially healing magic take on a new twist, causing players to think different about what kind of a character to make and the tactics they will use.  Of course, what would Spelljammer be without rules for how to buy and/or build your own ship? That’s all in here too. Of course, building a ship is extremely expensive and you have to maintain a crew to boot. This means Spelljammer is an excellent way for long running characters to use that hard gained loot that is just sitting around somewhere. You’ll also find rules for ship on ship combat, saving throws for all sorts of potential hull materials, crew based morale checks and interplanetary travel.  The last thing we’ll look at in The Concordance of Arcane Space is “The Rock of Brawl,” which gives DMs and players alike their first playable Spelljammer location, complete with story seeds, a cast of memorable characters. There is a lot of great stuff here and the map still looks great. The map does have one minor problem with it though. In coverting it from an oversized map from the boxed set into a standard PDF page, the words “The Lesser Market” and “Dungeon” are warped and blurry. There’s also a red dotted line going through the entire map towards the top. A minor quibble, but one purists might grumble over.  Now let’s talk The Lorebook of the Void. This second book in the “boxed” set is also a lot of fun. The first chapter in the book gives DMs a lot of ideas and suggestions for running a campaign in space as well as one that flitters between worlds. You are also given a glossary of terms and a fun ideas on making alien versions of common D&D creatures. One great example is the Beholder bartender who has a Detect Lie eye instead of the Death Ray one. This lets it be an effective bartender and patrons don’t have to worry about being killed instantly. They do have to worry about disintegration or petrification if they don’t pay their tab however…  Chapter Two is all about Spelljammer vessels. You’re given a whole host of crafts along with their stats. These are common spacefaring vessels and should help DMs running a Spelljammer campaign immensely. The Gnomish Sidewheeler and Neogi Mindspider are amongst my favorites. Chapter Three is entitled “Spacefarers” and it talks about the culture of various D&D races in space. You get a really nice look at all the PC and NPC races common to the game, regardless of setting and how alien versions might be different from established worlds. Goblins, Ogres, Giants, Centaur, Dragons and even Undead have their own listings here. Of note are the entries for Mind Flayers and Beholder, as this is the book and setting that really defined both as a species instead of just creepy looking antagonists. Lycanthropes too have a long and highly detailed section in this chapter – for obvious reasons. The chapter then ends with Monstrous Compendium entries for a lot of creatures, all of which are tremendously entertaining and worth using. Chapter Four is “Known Spheres” and it talks about the core D&D worlds: Krynn, Toril and Oerth, along with important planets or moons within their sphere. That, my friends, is the entire book.  So yes, you’re getting all this plus maps and handouts for under ten bucks. It’s a terrific deal and one any D&D fan can make great use of. Even if you don’t play Second Edition AD&D, the ideas, mechanics and creatures presented here can be applied to any version of the game with a little effort and the end result will be well worth it. Out of everything on DNDclassics.com so far, this is by far my favorite offering (so far) and with a little luck, it will be yours too. Now, let’s see those Ravenloft and Planescape boxed sets on the site as well, am I right?     Tags: AD&D, Dungeons & Dragons  Related Archive Articles  more articles »  Book Review: Night of the Hunter: Companions Codex, Book 8000 I (Dungeons & Dragons)  Tabletop Review: Spelljammer: Adventures in Space (Advanced Dungeons & Dragons, Second Edition)  Tabletop Review: The World of Fatherail: The Shadow's Dungeon (Pathfinder)  Review: The Witch and the Hundred Knight (Sony Playstation 3)  Alex Lucard  view profile » Alexander Lucard is the Editor-in-Chief of Diehard GameFAN and Director of Operations for the InsidePulse network. He has worked in video game journalism since 2002 and is also a paid consultant for Konami and The Pokemon Company. Alex has previously written for Tips N Tricks, Gamespot, White Wolf, TSR, Wizards of the Coast, Eden Studios, 411mania, Not a True Ending and more. His writing can also be found in the monthly periodicals Massive Online Gamer and Pokemon Collector Magazine.  Follow on Twitter · Follow on Facebook · Email Alex Lucard  Recent Posts »  Tweets by @diehardgamefan  Featured Writers  Alex Lucard    • » Tabletop Review: Spelljammer: Adventures in Space (Advanced Dungeons & Dragons, Second Edition)   • » Tabletop Review: The World of Fatherail: The Shadow's Dungeon (Pathfinder)      • Mark B.    • » Walkthrough: Dangan Ronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc   • » Book Review: The Art of Titanfall      • Sean Madson    • » Diehard GameCAST: Episode 46 - Bravely Default, Danganronpa, Persona 4 Golden, Jazzpunk, and more!   • » Review: Donkey Kong Country: Tropical Freeze (Nintendo Wii U)      • Aaron Sirois    • » Review: Antisquad (PC)   • » Review: King Oddball (Sony PlayStation Vita)      • Ashe Collins    • » Book Review: Night of the Hunter: Companions Codex, Book I (Dungeons & Dragons)   • » Review: The Witch and the Hundred Knight (Sony Playstation 3)      • Michael O'Reilly    • » Review: Assassins Creed 4: Black Flag DLC Freedom Cry (Playstation 4)   • » Review: Killzone Shadow Fall (Sony PlayStation 4)      • Aileen Coe    • » Capcom Working On New Ace Attorney Game   • » Pokemon Bank Comes to North America      • Robert Hubbs    • » DHGF Interview: Codebrush Games   • » Review: Nidhogg (PC)      • Crystal Steltenpohl    • » Review: Inazuma Eleven (Nintendo 3DS)   • » What’s New This Month in Animal Crossing: New Leaf – March      • Matt Yeager    • » Review: LocoCycle (Xbox 360)   • » Review: Jazzpunk (PC)      • Recent Comments      Search Pulse      Author:      Zone:      Category:      more news » < 4e23 /div>     Super Smash Bros for Wii U and 3DS - Semi Auto Finishers »     Multiple Persona Titles Coming to North America »     Super Smash Bros for Wii U and 3DS - Diddy Kong Cartwheels In »      Movies       Movie Reviews     Blu Ray Reviews     DVD Reviews     Box Office      TV       News     Reviews     Spoilers     Features      Comics       Marvel     DC Comics     Figures     Features      Wrestling       News     Reviews     Columns     Features      MMA/Boxing       MMA News     MMA Columns     Boxing News     Boxing Columns      Video Games       Reviews     News     Columns     Features      Sports       News     Reviews     Columns     Features      More       Figures     Music     Games     Celebrities     Contact Us · Staff · Privacy      © 2014 Inside Pulse          Dashboards: Combined · Wrestling · Fights · Diehard     So, with this Simple Jquery Modal Window, it can be in any shapes you want! Simple and Easy to modify : )      0
ntendo 3DS)   • » What’s New This Month in Animal Crossing: New Leaf – March      • Matt Yeager    • » Review: LocoCycle (Xbox 360)   • » Review: Jazzpunk (PC)      • Recent Comments      Search Pulse      Author:      Zone:      Category:      more news » < 4e23 /div>     Super Smash Bros for Wii U and 3DS - Semi Auto Finishers »     Multiple Persona Titles Coming to North America »     Super Smash Bros for Wii U and 3DS - Diddy Kong Cartwheels In »      Movies       Movie Reviews     Blu Ray Reviews     DVD Reviews     Box Office      TV       News     Reviews     Spoilers     Features      Comics       Marvel     DC Comics     Figures     Features      Wrestling       News     Reviews     Columns     Features      MMA/Boxing       MMA News     MMA Columns     Boxing News     Boxing Columns      Video Games       Reviews     News     Columns     Features      Sports       News     Reviews     Columns     Features      More       Figures     Music     Games     Celebrities     Contact Us · Staff · Privacy      © 2014 Inside Pulse          Dashboards: Combined · Wrestling · Fights · Diehard     So, with this Simple Jquery Modal Window, it can be in any shapes you want! Simple and Easy to modify : )      0
__label__wiki One more step  Please complete the security check to access  Why do I have to complete a CAPTCHA?  Completing the CAPTCHA proves you are a human and gives you temporary access to the web property.  What can I do to prevent this in the future?  If you are on a personal connection, like at home, you can run an anti-virus scan on your device to make sure it is not infected with malware. If you are at an office or shared network, you can ask the network administrator to run a scan across the network looking for misconfigured or infected devices.
__label__wiki 8000 KNLA and Allied Forces Complete Epic Victory over all Junta | Burma News International Skip to main content  Search form  Burma News International  Burma News International    • News   • Feature   • Opinion   • Factcheck   • Multimedia Donate  Search form  Search   • En   • မြန်မာ   • Unicode   • Zawgyi Mega Menu Button   • News   • Feature   • Opinion   • Factcheck   • Multimedia  Burma News International (BNI) is a network of 15 independent media and news organizations based in and around Burma    • Chin World   • Development Media Group   • Kaladan Press   • Kachin News Group   • Kantarawaddy   • Karen Information Center   • Khonumthung News   • Mizzima   • Independent Mon News Agency   • Myitkyina Journal   • Narinjara   • Network Media Group   • Shan Herald Agency for News   • Than Lwin Times   • The Voice of Shan Ni   • About Us   • Announcements   • Publications   • Index   • Contact   • Myanmar Peace Monitor  Responsive Menu    • News   • Feature   • Opinion  KNLA and Allied Forces Complete Epic Victory over all Junta  Published Thursday, April 11, 2024 KNLA and Allied Forces Complete Epic Victory over all Junta  The Junta's 275th Infantry Battalion stationed in Myawaddy Township Karen State, was seized by the resistance joint forces led by the Karen National Liberation Army (KNLA) on April 10, resulting in significant casualties among Junta troops and prompting many to flee.  KNLA-led joint forces launched a robust offensive against the battalion base on April 9, seizing it by nightfall the following day, frontline sources said. When the battle ended, many troops from the Junta's 275th Infantry Battalion were reported dead or injured. Other soldiers are reported to have fled across the border into Thailand.  Two other Myawaddy -based battalions had already surrendered to the KNLA-led resistance with over 600 soldiers and families. In a statement posted to its social media channels, the KNU reported that 477 military personnel surrendered at the Junta’s main base in Thanganyinaung, in addition to 140 family members.  Myawaddy residents reported that following the capture of the final base, the situation remained calm from the night of April 10 until the morning of April 11, with no further fighting.  Earlier, the Junta dispatched reinforcements to prevent Myawaddy from falling into the hands of the resistance forces. The reinforcement convoy is currently stationed at Kyondoe with no prospect of any further advance, locals reported.  After the Junta had already lost control of areas along Myanmar's borders with Bangladesh, China and India with Myanmar's resistance forces in control of almost all border trading posts.  Now with this loss of military control over the hugely- important Myawaddy- Mae Sot border trade, observers are calling this a stunning blow to the credibility and viability of the post- coup regime.  This defeat is bound to have a wide- spectrum of repercussions including economic, trade and could challenge long-standing assumptions of Asean ’s Myanmar diplomacy. Until recently both western and Asean diplomats had assumed the path of conflict resolution had to include the Junta as part of a negotiated solution. Now the NUG and EAOs vision of a Junta-free future becomes an increasingly realistic scenario.      Myawaddy is the most important land border for the importation of Thai goods to such major cities as Yangon and Mandalay. According to figures from the junta’s Ministry of Commerce cited by Myanmar Now, the value of trade through Myawaddy between April 2023 and February 2024 fell by more than 40 %  compared to the same period the year before, from $1.87 billion to $1.085 billion.  Thai border officials are on the alert but have stated that the Mae Sot border will remain open to receive thousands more refugees, as well as Myanmar soldiers and their families who wish to be repatriated from Mae Sot to Myanmar.  Given the Thai and Myanmar New Year, the issue of establishing a new border control  on the Myanmar side opposite Mae Sot and full resumption of trade is likely to be resolved until the end of the holiday period.  Most read this week  Junta Troops Carry Out Systematic Arson Attack Nearly 300 Homes destroyed April 5, 2024 Youth Detained in Search looking for suspected CDM at Mae Sot-Myawaddy Border Bridge April 6, 2024 Increasing Arrests of Undocumented Migrants in Thailand April 8, 2024 PDF Drones Target Southeastern Regional Military Command During visit of Junta’s Deputy Chief April 9, 2024 War in Myawaddy Drives Residents to Seek Refuge in Mae Sot April 11, 2024 KIA Seizes Over 6 Billion MMK from Captured Junta Base Border Town Lwegel Now Under Kachin Control April 11, 2024 More news from Than Lwin Times April 5, 2024 Junta Troops Carry Out Systematic Arson Attack Nearly 300 Homes destroyed Nearly 300 houses in Yaemyetni village, Tilin Township, Magway Region, were destroyed by arson... April 4, 2024 Resistance Drone Attacks Hit Naypyidaw Military Headquarters and Aye Lar Air Base The National Unity Government (NUG) declared successful coordinated drone strikes by resistance... April 2, 2024 NMSP-AD Declares Its Programme to Create a Democratic Mon State in a Federal Union based on Ethnic Rights The New Mon State Party - Anti-Dictatorship group (NMSP-AD) declared its intention to establish... March 28, 2024 Mass Resignations of Junta’s Administrators in Mon State over enforcement of conscription law Locals report a swift exodus of village, ward, and community administrative officials tasked...  bni-footer-logo.png    • Archive   • Archive 2006-2015   • Index   • Contact Us   • About BNI   • Announcements   • Jobs  © Copyright 2024 Burma News International. All rights reserved.  0
ight of April 10 until the morning of April 11, with no further fighting.  Earlier, the Junta dispatched reinforcements to prevent Myawaddy from falling into the hands of the resistance forces. The reinforcement convoy is currently stationed at Kyondoe with no prospect of any further advance, locals reported.  After the Junta had already lost control of areas along Myanmar's borders with Bangladesh, China and India with Myanmar's resistance forces in control of almost all border trading posts.  Now with this loss of military control over the hugely- important Myawaddy- Mae Sot border trade, observers are calling this a stunning blow to the credibility and viability of the post- coup regime.  This defeat is bound to have a wide- spectrum of repercussions including economic, trade and could challenge long-standing assumptions of Asean ’s Myanmar diplomacy. Until recently both western and Asean diplomats had assumed the path of conflict resolution had to include the Junta as part of a negotiated solution. Now the NUG and EAOs vision of a Junta-free future becomes an increasingly realistic scenario.      Myawaddy is the most important land border for the importation of Thai goods to such major cities as Yangon and Mandalay. According to figures from the junta’s Ministry of Commerce cited by Myanmar Now, the value of trade through Myawaddy between April 2023 and February 2024 fell by more than 40 %  compared to the same period the year before, from $1.87 billion to $1.085 billion.  Thai border officials are on the alert but have stated that the Mae Sot border will remain open to receive thousands more refugees, as well as Myanmar soldiers and their families who wish to be repatriated from Mae Sot to Myanmar.  Given the Thai and Myanmar New Year, the issue of establishing a new border control  on the Myanmar side opposite Mae Sot and full resumption of trade is likely to be resolved until the end of the holiday period.  Most read this week  Junta Troops Carry Out Systematic Arson Attack Nearly 300 Homes destroyed April 5, 2024 Youth Detained in Search looking for suspected CDM at Mae Sot-Myawaddy Border Bridge April 6, 2024 Increasing Arrests of Undocumented Migrants in Thailand April 8, 2024 PDF Drones Target Southeastern Regional Military Command During visit of Junta’s Deputy Chief April 9, 2024 War in Myawaddy Drives Residents to Seek Refuge in Mae Sot April 11, 2024 KIA Seizes Over 6 Billion MMK from Captured Junta Base Border Town Lwegel Now Under Kachin Control April 11, 2024 More news from Than Lwin Times April 5, 2024 Junta Troops Carry Out Systematic Arson Attack Nearly 300 Homes destroyed Nearly 300 houses in Yaemyetni village, Tilin Township, Magway Region, were destroyed by arson... April 4, 2024 Resistance Drone Attacks Hit Naypyidaw Military Headquarters and Aye Lar Air Base The National Unity Government (NUG) declared successful coordinated drone strikes by resistance... April 2, 2024 NMSP-AD Declares Its Programme to Create a Democratic Mon State in a Federal Union based on Ethnic Rights The New Mon State Party - Anti-Dictatorship group (NMSP-AD) declared its intention to establish... March 28, 2024 Mass Resignations of Junta’s Administrators in Mon State over enforcement of conscription law Locals report a swift exodus of village, ward, and community administrative officials tasked...  bni-footer-logo.png    • Archive   • Archive 2006-2015   • Index   • Contact Us   • About BNI   • Announcements   • Jobs  © Copyright 2024 Burma News International. All rights reserved.  0
__label__wiki 8000 PRO FOOTBALL - N.F.L. Expansion Draft - Big Names on the List - NYTimes.com     Campaign ID: 277474 | Creative: bar1_button_inyt_usd_4L9UF -- 413757 | Page: www.nytimes.com/archive/article/sports / Targeted Page: www.nytimes.com/archive/article/sports | Position: Bar1     • Subscribe Now     Subscribe   • Log In   • Register Now   • Help   • Home Page   • Today's Paper   • Video   • Most Popular Edition: U.S. / Global New York Times  Sports    • World   • U.S.   • N.Y. / Region   • Business   • Technology   • Science   • Health   • Sports     • Baseball     • N.F.L.     • College Football     • N.B.A.     • College Basketball     • Hockey     • Soccer     • Golf     • Tennis     • International Sports   • Opinion   • Arts   • Style   • Travel   • Jobs   • Real Estate   • Autos PRO FOOTBALL  PRO FOOTBALL; N.F.L. Expansion Draft: Big Names on the List  By BILL PENNINGTON Published: January 23, 2002  The greatest misconception of the National Football League expansion draft that will stock the Houston Texans next month is that existing teams are scrambling to protect the costly talent on their roster. In fact, the draft is like an opulent yard sale where teams make available some of the highest-paid players in the organization, hoping to unload a once-prized commodity on a new buyer.  Each N.F.L. team had to submit a list of five players to the league office yesterday for the Feb. 18 expansion draft list and it is clear many teams viewed it as a rare opportunity to strike millions of dollars from their salary cap for many years to come. Since the Texans will assume the entire salary cap implications of any player they select, the team losing the player can wipe millions in accelerated bonuses and escalating salaries from its books.  So, league officials say, the Giants exposed linebacker Jessie Armstead, left guard Glenn Parker and cornerback Dave Thomas while the Jets announced that they had included cornerbacks Marcus Coleman and Aaron Glenn on their list of five. Glenn's presence on the expansion list, however, was a quirky exception and a calculated risk by the Jets. The team wants to keep Glenn. They are hoping Glenn's hefty salary cap figure for 2002 ($8 million) will be too high for the Texans. According to one person familiar with the situation, the Jets hope to keep Glenn and extend his contract to make it more cap-friendly.  The other Jets left unprotected were safety Chris Hayes, right tackle Ryan Young and defensive tackle Shane Burton. The Giants, who did not announce their list, were deciding over the weekend among a group of players that included safety Sam Garnes, tackle Lomas Brown, the backup quarterback Jason Garrett, and defensive tackles Lance Legree and Frank Ferrara.  Other name players placed on the expansion list available to the Texans: the five-time Pro Bowl tackle Tony Boselli of Jacksonville, Baltimore's Jamie Sharper, Denver's Bill Romanowski, Willie Roaf of New Orleans, Tampa Bay's Randall McDaniel and Buffalo's Rob Johnson.  The entire expansion list will be released by the league on Friday.  In the face of all these big names, Houston's seasoned general manager, Charley Casserly, has been insisting that he wants to build the franchise around young, quality players -- the one commodity every team is trying to keep off its expansion list. Chances are that Casserly is going to have to take a few high-to-medium-priced veterans -- because they can help his team and because the bylaws of the expansion draft virtually require it.  Houston will be required to select 30 to 42 players, or at least 38 percent of the Texans' salary cap (about $28 million) in next month's draft. Yesterday, teams were not allowed to put punters or kickers on the list, nor could they list any player from their 2001 roster who will become an unrestricted free agent. They could not expose a player who went on injured reserve during last summer's training camp and they could place only one player on the list with more than 10 years' experience.  Once a team has a player selected by the Texans, they can take a player off their exposed list, but they are not required to. No team can lose more than two players.  The Texans have been trying to learn from the expansion draft of 1999, when the Cleveland Browns were being formed. The Browns went for the usual mix of promising young players and veterans who were not over the hill. Apparently, Cleveland did not draft much of either. Only three of the 37 players the Browns took are still with the team and they all play on special teams.  Another lesson from the Browns draft: they passed over talent. The Browns could have, but did not select two quarterbacks, Kurt Warner and Jay Fiedler.  For the Jets, Hayes became expendable once the team gave the free safety job to Damien Robinson. According to his agent, Brian Levy, Hayes is delighted he is on the list. Burton is a journeyman tackle on a line that had trouble against the run. Young will be an unrestricted free agent after next season. But Kareem McKenzie, the Jets' third-round draft pick last year, may be ready to step in, especially because the Jets seem committed to re-signing the free agent left tackle Jason Fabini.  The Giants have decided that Parker, who turns 36 next month, is their most expendable offensive lineman. Thomas lost his starting job to the rookie Will Allen during the opening week of the 2001 season.  Photo: Jets have made the starting cornerback Aaron Glenn available to Houston in next month's expansion draft. (Gary I. Rothstein for The New York Times)     Inside NYTimes.com  Health » Too Hot to Handle Too Hot to Handle Arts » The Harmony of Liberty The Harmony of Liberty Opinion »  Should Beach Privatization Be Allowed?  Room for Debate asks whether shorefront homeowners should have to open their land to all comers. Sports » A Woman’s Leadership May Steady Murray A Woman’s Leadership May Steady Murray Opinion » Menagerie: Streaming Eagles Menagerie: Streaming Eagles U.S. » Curlers’ Aim: Sweep to a Win Over the Heat Curlers’ Aim: Sweep to a Win Over the Heat Television » The Cold War Brews Anew in Prime Time Book Review » Command Performance Opinion » Op-Ed: Fooling Mexican Fans World » Reading, Writing and Allegations Opinion »  Op-Ed: Elite, Separate, Unequal  New York City’s top public schools must become more diverse. Business » Vice Has Media Giants Salivating   • © 2016 The New York Times Company   • Site Map   • Privacy   • Your Ad Choices   • Advertise   • Terms of Sale   • Terms of Service   • Work With Us   • RSS   • Help   • Contact Us   • Site Feedback campaign: nyt2014_edu_propensity_cookie_dropper -- 256873, creative: nyt2015_edu_personalized_isEDU_cookie_dropper -- 401071, page: www.nytimes.com/archive/article/sports, targetedPage: www.nytimes.com/archive/article/sports, position: Inv1 0
__label__wiki 80c6 Coronavirus: Holiday for all LKG, UKG, pre-primary schools in Bengaluru due to COVID-19 Epaper Sign in India Karnataka DH Specials Opinion World Business Sports Video Entertainment Indian Politics Bengaluru Health Education Technology Photos DH Brandspot Menu × ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Homeindiakarnatakabengaluru  Coronavirus: Holiday for all LKG, UKG, pre-primary schools in Bengaluru due to COVID-19  Rashmi Belur HNS DHNS Last Updated : 08 March 2020, 19:20 IST ADVERTISEMENT  Follow Us :  Comments ADVERTISEMENT Published 08 March 2020, 18:26 IST Covid-19CoronavirusS Suresh KumarHealth and Family WelfareWuhan Virusschool holiday  Follow us on :  Follow Us  India South North West East & North East Opinion Editorial Speak Out Cartoon Karnataka Bengaluru India Politics Sports Cricket Football Entertainment Movie Reviews Photos Technology World Specials DH on Sunday DH on Saturday Sign up for Newsletters All Newsletters Top News of the Day Political Theatre DH Sportsletter Explainers   • Explained | Why India's Tata Sons is facing pressure to list   • Explained | NEET-UG 2026 re-exam on June 21: What changes, what stays the same for candidates; all you need to know   • Explained | Why NEET is more prone to paper leaks than JEE   • Explained | What is 'Taiwan independence' and is Taiwan already independent? What's Brewing   • FIFA World Cup 2026 | 30-day countdown begins amidst political tension and soaring ticket price   • FIFA World Cup 2026 | 16 years after 'Waka Waka' theme song, Shakira is back with 'Dai Dai'   • Gen Z backlash? Raghav Chadha loses 1 million Instagram followers after joining BJP   • 'Kantara' mimicry case: Karnataka High Court quashes proceedings against Ranveer Singh after apology Latest News   • Case registered over posters targeting Congress national leaders in Wayanad   • With May 23 talks nearing, uncertainty clouds Centre-Ladakh dialogue   • US-Iran conflict, oil prices key market drivers for Dalal Street this week: Analysts   • Maharashtra govt plans comprehensive action for conservation of historic stepwells The Printers Mysore Ltd Prajavani Sudha Mayura Epaper Classifieds Contact About Privacy Policy Terms Disclaimer Grievance Redressal 0
Ranveer Singh after apology Latest News   • Case registered over posters targeting Congress national leaders in Wayanad   • With May 23 talks nearing, uncertainty clouds Centre-Ladakh dialogue   • US-Iran conflict, oil prices key market drivers for Dalal Street this week: Analysts   • Maharashtra govt plans comprehensive action for conservation of historic stepwells The Printers Mysore Ltd Prajavani Sudha Mayura Epaper Classifieds Contact About Privacy Policy Terms Disclaimer Grievance Redressal 0
__label__wiki 8000 Lee Sang-yoon too young to play neurosurgeon   • HOME   • MAIL   • NEWS   • FINANCE   • SPORT   • ENTERTAINMENT   • LIFE   • SEARCH   • SHOPPING   • MORE...  Yahoo News  Yahoo News Sign in Mail Sign in to view your emails   • News   • Singapore     • Parliament     • Commentary   • World   • Shopping   • Sports     • EPL     • Football     • World Cup   • Esports     • Dota 2     • League of Legends     • Wild Rift     • VALORANT     • Genshin Impact     • Video Games   • Videos   • Weather     Cinema OnlineCinema Online      Lee Sang-yoon too young to play neurosurgeon      Syahida Kamarudin     23 September 2011, 3:00 am     Lee Sang-yoon too young to play neurosurgeon      23 Sep – After already signing the contract to be in KBS 2TV's new drama, "Brain", the lead actors including Lee Sang-yoon are surprised to learn that the production is cancelling their contracts.      According to HanCinema website, a representative of the drama production told the media that Lee Sang-yoon, Yoon Seung-ah, Lee Hyunn-jin-I, Yoo Ri-el and other main characters have already been notified that they will not appear in the drama.      The production stated that the reason was that the actors' true age is not compatible with the characters' age. Initially, Lee Sang-yoon was to play the role of a neurosurgeon and Yoon Seung-ah was set to play a neurology student.      The actors have already done their script reading session on 17 September, and even had a friendly gathering for everyone to get to know each other.      The management of the actors involved said, "The production just dropped a bomb and told them to step off the project. We are just shocked. It's absurd to pull out when the contract is already been signed."      Rumour has it that 34 year-old Song Seung-hoon will take over the role that was earlier given to Lee Sang-yoon.      "Brain" is a drama that revolves around the life of neurosurgeons. It will be aired in the middle of November in Korea.      TRENDING      • Coconuts Singapore        ‘Mum, I don’t want to survive another day’: Adorable Singapore boy tries his best on first day of Ramadan fasting        Coconuts Singapore·2-min read     • Coconuts Singapore        33-year-old woman found dead on train tracks in Punggol        Coconuts Singapore·1-min read     • Coconuts Singapore        Politician Leong Mun Wai apologizes after heated words during tense debate in parliament (Video)        Coconuts Singapore·4-min read     • AFP News        'Sea change': disruptive Saudi prince shows new pragmatism with Iran        AFP News·4-min read     • AFP News        NATO rejects Russian complaints on UK uranium ammo         AFP News·1-min read      Latest stories      • Coconuts Singapore        ‘Mum, I don’t want to survive another day’: Adorable Singapore boy tries his best on first day of Ramadan fasting        The boy emerged with a pitiful face while dragging his feet after surviving a day at school without eating.      • Coconuts Singapore        33-year-old woman found dead on train tracks in Punggol        Investigations are ongoing.      • The Telegraph        TikTok chief admits Chinese parent company has access to data        TikTok’s chief executive has admitted that users' data can be accessed by its Chinese parent company as it battles a potential ban in the United States.      • Coconuts KL        Elderly Malaysian man violently struck by govt enforcement officers after he tries to protect his dogs (Video)        A video showing a purported assault by officers from Petaling Jaya City Council (MBPJ) on an elderly man and his pet dogs has gained widespread attention online. The incident, which occurred a few nights ago on Jalan 18/17 Taman Kanagapuram, was initially shared on Facebook and has since been circulated on WhatsApp. According to the…      • In The Know by Yahoo        This woman was babysat by a pre-fame Lucy Liu, and TikTok can’t believe it: ‘Oh my god how hasn’t this gone viral??’        "why does Lucy Liu look exactly the same" The post This woman was babysat by a pre-fame Lucy Liu, and TikTok can’t believe it: ‘Oh my god how hasn’t this gone viral??’ appeared first on In The Know.      • Associated Press        China threatens consequences over US warship's actions        China threatened “serious consequences” Friday after the United States Navy sailed a destroyer around the disputed Paracel Islands in the South China Sea for the second day in a row, in a move Beijing claimed was a violation of its sovereignty and security. The warning comes amid growing tensions between China and the United States in the region, as Washington pushes back at Beijing's growingly assertive posture in the South China Sea, a strategic waterway it claims virtually in its entirety. On Thursday, after the U.S. sailed the USS Milius guided-missile destroyer near the Paracel Islands, China said its navy and air force had forced the American vessel away, a claim the U.S. military denied.      • Coconuts Singapore        Politician Leong Mun Wai apologizes after heated words during tense debate in parliament (Video)        “I’m sure you’re from a very good school.”      • Yahoo Life UK        Kate Beckinsale leads the stars in nearly naked dress on Fashion Awards red carpet        The 49-year-old actor joined several celebrities from Olivia Wilde to Demi Moore on the red carpet in Los Angeles.      • HuffPost Life        Gastro Doctors Share The 1 Food They Never (Or Rarely) Eat        The experts on gas, bloating, colon cancer and other digestive issues share what they avoid themselves.      • Yahoo Lifestyle Singapore        Monkey seen washing hand in outdoor basin of Hougang estate, turns tap off after        A monkey snuck into a Hougang estate last Sunday afternoon. It washed its hands in an outdoor basin and stole a vegetable to eat.      • HuffPost        Ukraine Mercilessly Mocks Steven Seagal Over Russia Military Report        Ukraine's Ministry of Defense trolled the Michigan-born Russian citizen on Twitter.      • Yahoo Life UK        Watching porn can have a major impact on your relationship, new study finds        However you feel about the idea of you or your partner watching porn, a new study says be aware of how it could impact your relationship.      • Cinema Online        Yoyo Chen sparked divorce rumour again        The TVB actress sets tongues wagging with a simple Like to a question      • HuffPost        Pat Sajak Gets Physical With Contestant In Wild ‘Wheel Of Fortune’ Moment        The game show host's "perfect" execution of the wrestling maneuver stunned viewers.      • Cinema Online        Hawick Lau's girlfriend rumoured to be pregnant        The actor's father says he heard of the rumour and looking forward to good news      • The Guardian        ‘It’s half of what was shot at us’: Kharkiv’s Russian missile cemetery        Rows of munition debris lie at heart of Ukrainian efforts to build criminal cases against Russian commanders      • The Telegraph        Philippines reveals key new US bases at flashpoint near China and Taiwan        Four new military bases to be used by United States forces in the Philippines will include areas in the north and west of the country, facing the flashpoints of Taiwan and the South China Sea, Philippine President Ferdinand Marcos has revealed.      • In The Know by Yahoo        TikToker tries on mom’s 1994 senior prom dress and it still slays        The '90s are back and here to stay.      • The Independent        Off-duty pilot flying as passenger takes over plane after captain becomes incapacitated mid flight        Flight returns to Las Vegas two hours after taking off due to onboard medical emergency      • TEAMtalk        Man Utd on verge of signing after breezing past Chelsea with ‘breakthrough’ in negotiations        Man Utd are close to signing a highly rated player at Chelsea's expense after taking a big leap in discussions      Yahoo news     • Home     • Singapore     • World     • Shopping     • Sports     • Esports     • Videos     • Weather     • Terms and Privacy Policy     • Privacy dashboard     • Help     • Share your feedback     • About our ads     Follow us on     • twitter     • facebook     • instagram     © 2023 Yahoo. All rights reserved.     0
__label__wiki 749b theparliament.com - Taiwan UN bid wins backing of MEPs theparliament.com   [Advanced Search] Login | Contact | Terms | Accessibility Register for our FREE email news bulletins www.theparliament.com Home News Policy Briefing The Forum Magazine Interviews Forum Interviews Regional Review People Training Taiwan UN bid wins backing of MEPs  MEPs have called for Taiwan to be allowed to fully participate in international organisations, such as the UN.  The call comes ahead of today’s opening of the UN general assembly in New York where some of Taiwan’s diplomatic allies plan to table the island’s application for membership in the UN under its own name.  Some have dismissed the exercise as a political ploy and the UN secretariat has already indicated that the application, the 13th time Taiwan has tried to join the body, will be rejected.  But several MEPs have come out in support for Taiwan’s growing desire for international representation.  ALDE group leader Graham Watson said, “The time is right to involve Taiwan in the international community.  “The EU should stand up to recognise Taiwanese weight in the world and welcome negotiations leading to Taiwanese membership of the UN.”  His comments are echoed by Dutch Liberal Democrat MEP Jules Maaten, who said, “Taiwan is recreating itself as a model of world democracy and it certainly should get the thumbs-up from the EU.”  Michael Kau, of the Taipei  Representative Office in the EU and Belgium, welcomed their intervention, saying it was a “demonstration” of growing support for Taiwan’s case.  "The world community should take our issue seriously because any conflict in the Taiwan Strait is bound to affect peace and stability all over the world," he said.  The MEP comments come after hundreds of thousands of people took to the streets of the Taiwanese capital, Taipei, on Sunday in support of UN membership.  The demonstrations were heavily criticised by China, which has a standing threat to take military action against Taiwan if the island were to declare formal independence.  Published: Tue, 18 Sep 2007 09:58:38 GMT+02 Author: Martin Banks  "The world community should take our issue seriously because any conflict in the Taiwan Strait is bound to affect peace and stability all over the world" Michael Kau, Taipei Representation Office  » FORUM LINKS INES  » RELATED LINKS European institutions > European Parliament Foreign and security policy > Issues > UN Foreign and security policy > Regions > China  ©2007 theparliament.com  About theparliament.com | About the Forum | Contact | Help | Register | Terms | Accessibility 0
__label__wiki ‌ ‌ Skip to main content Business Live   • South West   • North West   • North East   • Wales WORLD CUP KICK-OFF: Days00 Hours00 Mins00 Secs00 Send me daily emails Advertise With Us Marketing Solutions Finance Jobs Legal Jobs Business Support Jobs Contact Us   • Birmingham Post Icon   • Ports & Logistics   • European Union  New smaller but faster Irish Ferries ship on Wales to Ireland route  The company has announced that Blue Star 1 will replace Isle of Inishmore on Rosslare to Pembroke Dock route  Comments Ports & Logistics Owen Hughes Daily Post chief reporter 11:31, 26 Mar 2021Updated 08:57, 27 Mar 2021  Irish Ferries' Isle of Inishmore ferry(Image: Irish Ferries)  Irish Ferries is to replace the Isle of Inishmore on the Rosslare to Pembroke Dock route with a smaller but faster ferry.  ‌  The company has announced the addition of the RoRo(roll-on/roll-off) passenger ferry Blue Star 1 to the route - which has been impacted by a post Brexit fall in trade as more goods move to direct EU mainland-Ireland services.  ‌  Irish Ferries says this new arrival "underlines our commitment" to the route.  ‌  The Blue Star 1 has the capacity to carry up to 1,500 passengers, 100 freight vehicles and up to 700 cars depending on freight volume.  Irish Ferries announced the addition of the RoRo passenger ferry Blue Star 1 to its Rosslare to Pembroke Dock route(Image: Irish Ferries)  This makes it smaller than the ferry it is replacing, the Isle of Inishmore, which carries 2,200 passengers, 856 cars (or 122 lorries).  ‌  But Irish Ferries says at 27 knots it will be the fastest RoRo operating between the UK and Ireland and it also has additional cabin numbers to allow more single occupancy cabins for freight drivers.  READ MORE: Tourism sector starts to reopen in Wales - and potential date for visitors from EnglandREAD MORE: Zip World's SkyFlyer plan on Rhyl's former Sun Centre site  The ship is being chartered from the Attica Group and delivery is expected in early April.  The firm also today announced a new service between Dover and Calais.  ‌  Andrew Sheen, Irish Ferries managing director, said: “We are very pleased to add a quality ship of the calibre of the versatile Blue Star 1 to the Irish Ferries fleet. This ship will be the fastest RoRo passenger ship operating between Britain and Ireland and this will help ensure schedule integrity.  Get your BusinessLive news direct and all in one place  Stay in touch: BusinessLive newsletters have been re-designed to make them even better. We send morning bulletins straight to your inbox on the latest news, views and opinion. Get our breaking news alerts and weekly sector reviews too. Sign up now - it's free and it only takes a minute.  "The introduction of this ship underlines our commitment to the Rosslare to Pembroke route, the primary shipping corridor between Ireland and South Wales.  Article continues below  "It also underlines our commitment to the significant contribution that this route makes in facilitating trade for both exporters and importers as well as facilitating essential passenger movements and future tourists as the country re-opens post Covid-19”.  Birmingham Post Icon  ENJOYED THIS STORY?  Choose Business Live as a 'Preferred Source' on Google News for quick access to the news you value.  Google Preferred Source Badge ‌ ‌ ‌   • European Union   • Opinion   • Enterprise   • Retail & Consumer   • Economic Development   • Commercial Property   • Tech   • Professional Services Follow Business Live on socials: Ipso logotrust project logo   • Contact Us   • Marketplace   • About Us   • mynewsassistant   • Beauty Box Subscription   • Yimbly Shop   • Work for us   • Advertise with Us   • Competition Rules   • How to Complain   • Corrections and Clarifications   • Terms and Conditions   • Privacy Notice   • AI Notice   • Cookie Notice   • Newsletter Signup   • Syndication & Licensing   • RSS feeds   • Do not sell or share my data © 2026 a Reach plc subsidiary ‌ reach logo  At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Terms and Conditions.  Follow Business Live:   • Facebook   • Linkedin Comments ‌
__label__wiki 20e0 Turnock and Reyes to represent Gibraltar at Small States championships Gibraltar Chronicle Logo  Sun 17th May, 2026  Subscribe To The Gibraltar Chronicle Gibraltar Chronicle Logo Login To Your Account Close Login  Login to your account  Forgotten Password?  Click here for help  Not a member yet?  You can register a free account and get 10 FREE premium articles a month.  Close Login  Forgotten Password?  Reset your password  To reset your password, please enter your email address in the box below and we will send you an email with a few steps to reset your password and get you back onto your account.  Back To Login   • Home   • Local News   • Brexit   • UK/Spain News   • Features   • Sports   • Opinion & Analysis   • Subscribe   • E-Edition Sports  Turnock and Reyes to represent Gibraltar at Small States championships  By Stephen Ignacio Share Share this article on Facebook Share this article on Twitter 4th June 2021  Maurice Turnock and Norcady Reyes travelled to San Marino this week where they will be representing Gibraltar in the European Athletics Championships for Small States. The event is among one of the many international events which was forced to reschedule last year due to the global pandemic. The competition sponsored by AASSE (The European athletics...  Continue Reading  Register free to get 10 premium articles/month.  Register Now  Subscribe to get unlimited access  Subscribe Now  Already a subscriber? Login here  Most Read  232f Local News  Gap-toothed Neanderthal child brought to life in new museum gallery  Fri 15th May, 2026  Local News  Specialist soldiers offer force protection to US sub   Tue 12th May, 2026  Local News  Catalan Bay Road closures planned in ‘final push’ before bathing season, as Transport Lane reopening nears  Wed 13th May, 2026  Local News  US Navy submarine docks in Gibraltar  Mon 11th May, 2026  Local News  Court sets date for ‘rolled-up’ hearing in CM’s claim for judicial review of Openshaw findings   Thu 14th May, 2026  Download The App On The iOS Store E-Edition  Today's Paper  4th June 2021  Read our latest newspaper by downloading our app from the link below.  Download The App On The iOS Store  Related Articles  Sports Rush finishes with silver in Southeastern Conference Outdoor Championships heptathlon with seven Gibraltar national records  16th May 2026  Sports St Joseph sign former Europa winning goalkeeper Javi Munoz as coach  16th May 2026  Sports Sports on our streets  16th May 2026  Sports Galia to officiate Republic or Ireland and Grenada international  15th May 2026  Contact Us  Find Us On Twitter  Gibraltar Chronicle (Newspaper) Ltd, Watergate House, Line Wall Road, Gibraltar GX11 1AA. Tel: +350 200 47063  About Us  The Gibraltar Chronicle is a daily newspaper published in Gibraltar since 1801. It is one of the world's oldest English language newspapers to have been in print continuously. Our print edition and e-paper is published daily except Sundays.   The Gibraltar Chronicle (Newspaper) Ltd is licensed by the Gibraltar Government's Office of Fair Trading, licence number BL 152009.  Subscriptions    • Register     • 1ee6   • Privacy Policy © Copyright Gibraltar Chronicle 2026 Privacy & Cookies Policy  Privacy Overview  This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Privacy Overview  This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.  Necessary Always Enabled  Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.  Non-necessary  Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.  0
ed as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.  Necessary Always Enabled  Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.  Non-necessary  Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.  0
__label__wiki 8000 NATO Must Prepare to Defend Its Weakest Point—the Suwalki Corridor – Foreign Policy Skip to main content Foreign Policy Magazine Foreign Policy Magazine   • Sign In   • Subscribe Subscribe Upgrade to Insider Upgrade to Insider   • Latest   • News   • Analysis   • Podcasts   • The Magazine   • Channels     • Economics     • Security     • Shadow Government     • Her Power     ❌  Close   • Newsletters   • Events   • FP Analytics  Your FP Insider Access:    • Power Maps   • Special Reports   • Graphics Database Search Icon  latest  What in the World?  This week in FP’s international news quiz: Russia-Ukraine talks, elections in Hungary, and a summit in Israel.  Quiz | Nina Goldman  Putin’s War Is an Existential Crisis for the United Nations  It needs to be replaced by an organization where one nation cannot escape accountability because it is in a special class.  Argument | Yevgeny Vindman  Inequality Doesn’t Breed Populism. Social Immobility Does.  The left keeps losing because it has failed to promote equal opportunity rather than equal outcomes.  Response | Eric Protzer, Paul Summerville  Afghanistan’s Hungry Will Pay the Price for Putin’s War  The knock-on effects of Russia’s war on Ukraine are hammering wheat-dependent countries such as Afghanistan.  Analysis | Lynne O’Donnell See All Stories   • FP Events   • FP Studios   • FP Analytics   • FP PeaceGames   • Subscription Services   • Group Subscriptions   • Reprint Permissions   • Writer’s Guidelines   • FP Guides – Graduate Education   • FP For Education   • FP Archive   • Buy Back Issues   • Work At FP   • Meet the Staff   • Advertising/Partnerships   • Sign In   • Subscribe Subscribe Upgrade to Insider Upgrade Search Icon  Argument: NATO Must Prepare to Defend Its Weakest Point—the Suwalki Corridor NATO Must Prepare to Defend Its Weakest Po... | View Comments ()  SHARE: Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on WhatsApp Print this page Share via Email View Comments ()  Argument An expert's point of view on a current event.  NATO Must Prepare to Defend Its Weakest Point—the Suwalki Corridor  On the Polish-Lithuanian border, the West must respond to Russia’s actual capabilities rather than making assumptions about its intent.  By John R. Deni, a research professor at the U.S. Army War College’s Strategic Studies Institute and a nonresident senior fellow at the Atlantic Council. A Polish border post is pictured in in Zerdziny, Poland, on July 3, 2016, on the NATO nation's frontier with alliance partner Lithuania and Russia's Kaliningrad region. A Polish border post is pictured in in Zerdziny, Poland, on July 3, 2016, on the NATO nation's frontier with alliance partner Lithuania and Russia's Kaliningrad region. A Polish border post is pictured in in Zerdziny, Poland, on July 3, 2016, on the NATO nation's frontier with alliance partner Lithuania and Russia's Kaliningrad region. JANEK SKARZYNSKI/AFP via Getty Images March 3, 2022, 3:45 PM  Russia Invades Ukraine  A major land war looms over Europe.  More on this topic  As the Biden administration monitors Moscow’s reaction to dramatic U.S. and allied increases in assistance to Ukraine as well as the punishing Western economic and financial sanctions on Russia, it should turn its focus to a relatively small corner of northeastern Europe that is familiar to military strategists but often overlooked by most policymakers and the general public.  The Suwalki corridor (also known as the Suwalki Gap) separates the Russian exclave of Kaliningrad on the Baltic Sea from Belarus, now host to thousands of Russian troops and soon home to permanently stationed Russian forces, including advanced fighter jets and nuclear weapons. It is also the only way to get by road or rail from Poland and Central Europe to the Baltic states—arguably NATO’s most exposed members.  A Russian move to seize control of the corridor may seem far-fetched, as it would explicitly involve an attack on NATO territory, triggering a U.S. military response. Nonetheless, if Moscow’s reinvasion of Ukraine has any central lesson to offer at this point, it’s that U.S. and allied officials must prepare now for worst-case scenarios by focusing on actual Russian military capabilities in the region, rather than the Kremlin’s announced intent, considered estimates of Russia’s strategic logic, or intelligence assessments of Russian President Vladimir Putin’s outlook.  As the Biden administration monitors Moscow’s reaction to dramatic U.S. and allied increases in assistance to Ukraine as well as the punishing Western economic and financial sanctions on Russia, it should turn its focus to a relatively small corner of northeastern Europe that is familiar to military strategists but often overlooked by most policymakers and the general public.  The Suwalki corridor (also known as the Suwalki Gap) separates the Russian exclave of Kaliningrad on the Baltic Sea from Belarus, now host to thousands of Russian troops and soon home to permanently stationed Russian forces, including advanced fighter jets and nuclear weapons. It is also the only way to get by road or rail from Poland and Central Europe to the Baltic states—arguably NATO’s most exposed members.  A Russian move to seize control of the corridor may seem far-fetched, as it would explicitly involve an attack on NATO territory, triggering a U.S. military response. Nonetheless, if Moscow’s reinvasion of Ukraine has any central lesson to offer at this point, it’s that U.S. and allied officials must prepare now for worst-case scenarios by focusing on actual Russian military capabilities in the region, rather than the Kremlin’s announced intent, considered estimates of Russia’s strategic logic, or intelligence assessments of Russian President Vladimir Putin’s outlook.  Forty miles wide as the crow flies, the Suwalki corridor isn’t much of a corridor, at least in terms of natural boundaries such as rivers, coastlines, or mountains. Driving through the area last October while on a research trip to NATO units, I found it a wide-open rural region, predominantly characterized by rolling farmland interspersed with forests and small villages. Much of it is ideal terrain for tracked vehicles like tanks, given the very limited roadways and the gentle hills.  Two highways—one with two lanes each way, the other with just a single lane each way—plus a rail line, are all the ground-based transportation infrastructure that connect Poland with the Baltic states. Since Russia’s first invasion of Ukraine, in 2014, Western government officials, military leaders, and think tank experts have paid extra attention to this relatively narrow passageway between allies, primarily because of the chokepoint it represents should Russia seek to cut off the Baltics.  These concerns have only amplified in the last week, as Western officials weigh whether assistance to Ukraine might paint the West as co-combatants in the eyes of international law, providing Putin with a justification for lashing out. It’s also possible Moscow might respond militarily to the debilitating sanctions imposed by the West in the last week, in an echo of imperial Japan’s 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor following the imposition of a U.S. oil export embargo. Or as U.S. and other allied forces stream into the Baltic Sea and NATO’s eastern flank, the Kremlin may perceive an increased threat to Kaliningrad and seize the Suwalki corridor to create a land bridge to the exclave.  Kaliningrad—formerly Königsberg—has been Russian territory since the end of World War II, and it’s now home to substantial Russian combat forces, including the Russian Baltic Fleet, advanced air defenses, and mobile nuclear-capable Iskander-M missiles. Given this, Russia is particularly sensitive to any perceived threats to its control of the noncontiguous territory and might risk escalation if it misinterpreted NATO’s actions near Kaliningrad.  Obviously, seizing the Suwalki corridor would entail attacking Lithuania or Poland or both, leading directly to a war between NATO and Russia. This seems illogical or at best strategically unwise for Putin. However, the West’s ability to know and understand Putin’s logic and the rationale behind his decision-making has been obviously constrained by a lack of imagination, quality intelligence, or both.  For instance, some thought it was illogical for Putin to order the full-scale invasion of Ukraine if his objective was simply to keep it out of NATO. The simmering Donbass conflict had effectively achieved this since 2014, since one of the informal requirements for alliance membership is a lack of territorial disputes with neighbors.  Read More  Gen. Philip Breedlove, the outgoing commander of U.S. and NATO forces in Europe Gen. Philip Breedlove, the outgoing commander of U.S. and NATO forces in Europe  Former NATO Commander: ‘Is the West Going to Tolerate Russia Doing This to Ukraine?’  Retired Gen. Philip Breedlove on NATO’s response, calls for a no-fly zone, and Putin’s state of mind.  Q&A | Amy Mackinnon A man looks at paperwork on a desk presented by a poll worker. A man looks at paperwork on a desk presented by a poll worker.  Belarus Vote to Amend Constitution Worries NATO  The changes, certain to pass, will let Russia house nuclear weapons on Belarusian soil.  Report | Amanda Coakley  Additionally, no authorities in Washington or Brussels were seriously pushing for Ukrainian membership in the alliance, and Russia’s diplomats and its intelligence services surely knew this. Moreover, Putin’s recent rhetoric of grievance against the West is nothing new—these are themes he has espoused for years. So, why invade now? The answer isn’t clear, aside from the conclusion that this war is about something more than just keeping Ukraine out of NATO.  For this reason, trying to discern Putin’s intent going forward is a fool’s errand. The West cannot assume it understands how Putin might react to the cratering of the Russian economy, whether his recent rants on pushing NATO out of Central and Eastern Europe amount to policy directives, or how he might exploit his new, practically colonial relationship with Belarus, which is now hosting tens of thousands of Russian troops.  By the same token, the West therefore cannot assume that Russia won’t make a move against the Suwalki corridor just because it appears illogical. In fact, during last year’s Zapad military exercise, Russian and Belarusian troops reportedly practiced closing the Suwalki corridor by attacking from Belarus in the direction of Kaliningrad.  Instead of trying to discern Putin’s intent or rationale, the United States and its allies must focus on the capabilities the Kremlin has amassed in and around Ukraine and Belarus. On the eve of the latest invasion, Russia had deployed 30,000 troops into Belarus, including elite Spetsnaz units, as well as an array of equipment like Su-25 ground attack aircraft, attack and assault helicopters, an S-400 air defense unit, and drones—most of these forces have moved into Ukraine in the last week or continue to support operations there from Belarus.  Elsewhere, from Ukraine’s northeast, east, and south, another roughly 120,000 Russian troops are entering Ukraine along with an array of armored vehicles, rockets, artillery, and more. In sum, these capabilities represent the most significant aggregation of conventional combat power in Eastern Europe since the end of the Cold War.  Given all this, the West needs to dramatically strengthen its posture and infrastructure in and around the Suwalki region. The first step should be NATO’s assertion that it will no longer be subject to the terms of the 1997 NATO-Russia Founding Act as a result of Russia’s unilateral abrogation.  NATO must take into account Russia’s force levels and destabilizing military capabilities present in Kaliningrad and Belarus and come closer to matching them.  This political agreement committed NATO to carry out its collective defense and other missions by “ensuring the necessary interoperability, integration, and capability for reinforcement rather than by additional permanent stationing of substantial combat forces” on the territories of the former Warsaw Pact states. And it obliged Russia to “exercise similar restraint in its conventional force deployments in Europe.” Moreover, both sides agreed that these principles were based on the “current and foreseeable security environment” of 25 years ago. Clearly, Moscow has exercised no restraint, and the security environment has changed dramatically.  In terms of posture, British and Canadian ground forces should return permanently to the continent at brigade scale of roughly 4,000 troops each, building on their relatively small contingents in Estonia and Latvia, respectively. Meanwhile, German ground forces should also expand to brigade size in Lithuania.  In addition to recent temporary increases in U.S. rotational presence, Washington should shift toward permanent presence of armor, combat aviation, electronic warfare, drone, engineer, and air defense units. Additionally, Italy, Spain, and France—given their military size and importance in the alliance—must commit interoperable, battalion-size units of around 800 troops each to permanent basing in Poland or Lithuania as well.  When it comes to infrastructure, the weight of modern tanks—including the American-built M1A2 that Poland recently announced it will purchase—is likely to overwhelm many of the roads and bridges of northeastern Poland and Lithuania, which need to be replaced or reinforced. Additionally, the limited highway and rail capacity in the region cries out for substantial, immediate investment.  Most of the major roadways through the Baltics are one lane each way, sometimes bordered by dense forests, coastline, or swampy lowlands—in the event of a Russian attack in the Suwalki region, it could be difficult to move military forces in while trying to let refugees out. These and other infrastructure and mobility challenges in northeastern Europe are well known, but unfortunately, they have not received the timely attention or the funding they require.  Quickly improving militarily-relevant infrastructure in the Suwalki region, substantially and permanently bolstering allied force posture in northeastern Europe, and clearly laying the blame for the complete upending of European security at Putin’s feet are necessary steps.  In the wake of Putin’s invasion of Ukraine, NATO’s response must center on capabilities-based planning rather than assumptions about Putin’s true intent or his logic. The alliance must take into account Russia’s force levels and destabilizing military capabilities present in Kaliningrad and Belarus and come closer to matching them at least qualitatively in order to deter Moscow.  Relying on Western guesses about how the Kremlin will respond logically is too great a risk, especially if the alliance hopes to keep the Suwalki corridor open.  John R. Deni is a research professor at the U.S. Army War College’s Strategic Studies Institute and a nonresident senior fellow at the Atlantic Council. He is the author of NATO and Article 5: The Transatlantic Alliance and the Twenty-First-Century Challenges of Collective Defense. The views expressed are his own. Twitter: @JohnRDeni  Join the Conversation  Commenting on this and other recent articles is just one benefit of a Foreign Policy subscription.  Already a subscriber? Log In.  Subscribe Subscribe  View Comments  Join the Conversation  Join the conversation on this and other recent Foreign Policy articles when you subscribe now.  Subscribe Subscribe  Not your account? Log out  View Comments  Join the Conversation  Please follow our comment guidelines, stay on topic, and be civil, courteous, and respectful of others’ beliefs. Comments are closed automatically seven days after articles are published.  You are commenting as . Change your username | Log out  Change your username:  CANCEL Loading...  Confirm your username to get started.  The default username below has been generated using the first name and last initial on your FP subscriber account. Usernames may be updated at any time and must not contain inappropriate or offensive language.  Loading...  Tags: Belarus, Lithuania, NATO, Poland, Russia, War  NEW FOR SUBSCRIBERS: Want to read more on this topic or region? Click + to receive email alerts when new stories are published on Russia  Read More  Gen. Philip Breedlove, the outgoing commander of U.S. and NATO forces in Europe Gen. Philip Breedlove, the outgoing commander of U.S. and NATO forces in Europe  Former NATO Commander: ‘Is the West Going to Tolerate Russia Doing This to Ukraine?’  Retired Gen. Philip Breedlove on NATO’s response, calls for a no-fly zone, and Putin’s state of mind.  Q&A | Amy Mackinnon A man looks at paperwork on a desk presented by a poll worker. A man looks at paperwork on a desk presented by a poll worker.  Belarus Vote to Amend Constitution Worries NATO  The changes, certain to pass, will let Russia house nuclear weapons on Belarusian soil.  Report | Amanda Coakley Latest  What in the World? April 1, 2022, 4:30 PM  Putin’s War Is an Existential Crisis for the United Nations April 1, 2022, 2:56 PM  Inequality Doesn’t Breed Populism. Social Immobility Does. April 1, 2022, 1:50 PM  Afghanistan’s Hungry Will Pay the Price for Putin’s War April 1, 2022, 1:15 PM  In France’s Election, ‘There’s No Single Coherent Challenger on the Right’ April 1, 2022, 12:22 PM See All Stories  Trending    1. 1     Russians Likely to Encounter Growing Guerrilla Warfare in Ukraine   2. 2     NATO Intervention in Ukraine Won’t Spark World War III   3. 3     Putin’s War Is an Existential Crisis for the United Nations   4. 4     The West Is With Ukraine. The Rest, Not So Much.   5. 5     For India, Putin’s War Starts to Look Like a Gift Latest Analysis  Putin’s War Is an Existential Crisis for the United Nations Yevgeny Vindman  How to Avoid the Dark Ages of Arms Control Heather Williams  NATO Intervention in Ukraine Won’t Spark World War III Limor Simhony  More from Foreign Policy  Illustration United States Ukraine Illustration United States Ukraine  U.S. Grand Strategy After Ukraine  Seven thinkers weigh in on how the war will shift U.S. foreign policy.  Russian President Vladimir Putin and Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu tour a military gear exhibition before the annual meeting of the Defence Ministry board in Moscow on Dec. 21, 2021. Russian President Vladimir Putin and Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu tour a military gear exhibition before the annual meeting of the Defence Ministry board in Moscow on Dec. 21, 2021.  ‘Winging It’: Russia Is Getting Its Generals Killed on the Front Lines  Russian generals have had to lead from the front because its amateur army can’t move otherwise.  Ukrainian troops patrol in eastern Ukraine. Ukrainian troops patrol in eastern Ukraine.  Ukrainian Counterattacks Are Pushing Back Russian Troops  “As we see, their Army is bullshit,” one Ukrainian official said.  French fighter jet takes off French fighter jet takes off  Putin Has Popped the EU Defense Bubble  No, the European Union cannot make the continent secure.  Trending    1. Russians Likely to Encounter Growing Guerrilla Warfare in Ukraine     Analysis |     Alexander J. Motyl    2. NATO Intervention in Ukraine Won’t Spark World War III     Argument |     Limor Simhony    3. Putin’s War Is an Existential Crisis for the United Nations     Argument |     Yevgeny Vindman    4. The West Is With Ukraine. The Rest, Not So Much.     Report |     Colum Lynch    5. For India, Putin’s War Starts to Look Like a Gift     Argument |     C. Raja Mohan Latest  What in the World? April 1, 2022, 4:30 PM  Putin’s War Is an Existential Crisis for the United Nations April 1, 2022, 2:56 PM  Inequality Doesn’t Breed Populism. Social Immobility Does. April 1, 2022, 1:50 PM  Afghanistan’s Hungry Will Pay the Price for Putin’s War April 1, 2022, 1:15 PM  In France’s Election, ‘There’s No Single Coherent Challenger on the Right’ April 1, 2022, 12:22 PM See All Stories Newsletters  Sign up for Morning Brief  Foreign Policy’s flagship daily newsletter with what’s coming up around the world today from Foreign Policy’s newsletter writer Colm Quinn.  Sign Up ✓ Signed Up Unsubscribe  By signing up, I agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and to occasionally receive special offers from Foreign Policy.  You can support Foreign Policy by becoming a subscriber.  Subscribe Today  Loading graphics Foreign Policy Magazine   • FP Events   • FP Studios   • FP Analytics   • FP PeaceGames   • Subscription Services   • Group Subscriptions   • Reprint Permissions   • Writer’s Guidelines   • FP Guides – Graduate Education   • FP For Education   • FP Archive   • Buy Back Issues   • Work At FP   • Meet the Staff   • Advertising/Partnerships   • Contact Us   • Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress VIP © 2022, The Slate Group 0
uropean Union cannot make the continent secure.  Trending    1. Russians Likely to Encounter Growing Guerrilla Warfare in Ukraine     Analysis |     Alexander J. Motyl    2. NATO Intervention in Ukraine Won’t Spark World War III     Argument |     Limor Simhony    3. Putin’s War Is an Existential Crisis for the United Nations     Argument |     Yevgeny Vindman    4. The West Is With Ukraine. The Rest, Not So Much.     Report |     Colum Lynch    5. For India, Putin’s War Starts to Look Like a Gift     Argument |     C. Raja Mohan Latest  What in the World? April 1, 2022, 4:30 PM  Putin’s War Is an Existential Crisis for the United Nations April 1, 2022, 2:56 PM  Inequality Doesn’t Breed Populism. Social Immobility Does. April 1, 2022, 1:50 PM  Afghanistan’s Hungry Will Pay the Price for Putin’s War April 1, 2022, 1:15 PM  In France’s Election, ‘There’s No Single Coherent Challenger on the Right’ April 1, 2022, 12:22 PM See All Stories Newsletters  Sign up for Morning Brief  Foreign Policy’s flagship daily newsletter with what’s coming up around the world today from Foreign Policy’s newsletter writer Colm Quinn.  Sign Up ✓ Signed Up Unsubscribe  By signing up, I agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and to occasionally receive special offers from Foreign Policy.  You can support Foreign Policy by becoming a subscriber.  Subscribe Today  Loading graphics Foreign Policy Magazine   • FP Events   • FP Studios   • FP Analytics   • FP PeaceGames   • Subscription Services   • Group Subscriptions   • Reprint Permissions   • Writer’s Guidelines   • FP Guides – Graduate Education   • FP For Education   • FP Archive   • Buy Back Issues   • Work At FP   • Meet the Staff   • Advertising/Partnerships   • Contact Us   • Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress VIP © 2022, The Slate Group 0
__label__wiki Skip to Content Merch is here: Explore the official Windsor Star collection. Shop now >> Merch is here: Explore the official Windsor Star collection. Shop now >> Share this Story : Windsor Star   • Copy Link   • Email   • X   • Reddit   • Pinterest   • LinkedIn   • Tumblr Subscribe $0.50/week Subscribe $0.50/week   • Subscribe     • FAQ     • My Account     • Manage My Subscription     • Manage Print Subscription     • Our Offers   • News     • Local News     • National     • World     • Health     • True Crime     • Weather     • Podcasts     • Archives   • Sports     • Hockey       • PWHL       • NHL       • Windsor Spitfires     • Soccer     • Football       • NFL       • CFL     • Baseball       • Detroit Tigers     • Basketball       • NBA       • Windsor Express     • Golf     • Curling     • Tennis     • Auto Racing     • Fighting   • Local Sports   • Opinion     • Letters   • Business     • Automotive     • Technology       • Gaming       • Personal Tech       • Space     • Energy     • FP Markets     • FP Headlines     • FP Money     • Small Business     • Real Estate   • Arts     • Local Arts     • Celebrity     • Movies     • Television       • TV Listings     • Music     • Books   • Life     • Fashion & Beauty     • Parenting     • Relationships     • Homes       • Decorating       • Gardening     • Food       • Recipes     • Diet & Fitness     • Family & Child     • Men     • Women     • Travel       • Travel Ontario       • Travel Canada       • Travel USA       • Travel International       • Cruises       • Travel Essentials     • Savings     • Advice     • Horoscopes     • Contests       • National Contests   • Lives Told   • Tails Told   • Shopping   • Windsor Star Store   • Puzzmo   • Diversions     • Puzzles       • New York Times Crossword     • Comics   • Healthing   • ePaper   • Driving     • Vehicle Research     • Reviews     • News     • Gear Guide   • Ontario Farmer   • Obituaries     • Browse Notices     • Place an Obituary     • Place an In Memoriam   • Advertising     • Advertising With Us     • Advertising Solutions     • Postmedia Ad Manager     • Sponsorship Requests   • Classifieds     • Place an Ad     • Business Card Directory     • Celebrations     • Pet Posts & Adoptions     • Real Estate Showcase     • Working     • Business Ads     • This Week's Flyers   • Newsletters   • Manage Print Subscription   • Profile   • Settings   • My Subscriptions   • Saved Articles   • My Offers   • Newsletters   • Customer Service   • FAQ   • News   • Sports   • Local Sports   • Opinion   • Business   • Arts   • Life   • Shopping   • Puzzmo   • Healthing   • ePaper   • Driving   • Obituaries   • Classifieds   • Newsletters   • Manage Print Subscription Advertisement 1 This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Breadcrumb Trail Links   1. Home   2. Local News   • Share via email   • Reddit   • X   • Share on Linkedin   • Share this Story : Windsor Star     • Copy Link     • Email     • X     • Reddit     • Pinterest     • LinkedIn     • Tumblr  Cold case continues to baffle Windsor police 25 years after woman's brutal slaying  Author of the article: By Trevor Wilhelm Published Feb 14, 2020 5 minute read Join the conversation  You can save this article by registering for free here. Or sign-in if you have an account.  Police handout of 1995 murder victim Diane Dobson. Police handout of 1995 murder victim Diane Dobson. Photo by Handout /Windsor Star Article content  After 25 years of failed leads and dead ends, a killer goes unpunished.  Windsor Star THIS CONTENT IS RESERVED FOR SUBSCRIBERS ONLY  Subscribe now to read the latest news in your city and across Canada.    • Unlimited online access to articles from across Canada with one account.   • Get exclusive access to the Windsor Star ePaper, an electronic replica of the print edition that you can share, download and comment on.   • Enjoy insights and behind-the-scenes analysis from our award-winning journalists.   • Support local journalists and the next generation of journalists.   • Daily puzzles including the New York Times Crossword. SUBSCRIBE TO UNLOCK MORE ARTICLES  Subscribe now to read the latest news in your city and across Canada.    • Unlimited online access to articles from across Canada with one account.   • Get exclusive access to the Windsor Star ePaper, an electronic replica of the print edition that you can share, download and comment on.   • Enjoy insights and behind-the-scenes analysis from our award-winning journalists.   • Support local journalists and the next generation of journalists.   • Daily puzzles including the New York Times Crossword. REGISTER / SIGN IN TO UNLOCK MORE ARTICLES  Create an account or sign in to continue with your reading experience.    • Access articles from across Canada with one account.   • Share your thoughts and join the conversation in the comments.   • Enjoy additional articles per month.   • Get email updates from your favourite authors. THIS ARTICLE IS FREE TO READ REGISTER TO UNLOCK.  Create an account or sign in to continue with your reading experience.    • Access articles from across Canada with one account   • Share your thoughts and join the conversation in the comments   • Enjoy additional articles per month   • Get email updates from your favourite authors  Sign In or Create an Account  or View more offers If you are a Home delivery print subscriber, online access is included in your subscription. Activate your Online Access Now Article content  It’s something Jacqueline Malott still thinks about “every single day.” On Feb. 15, 1995, she found the body of Diane Dobson dumped in a ditch in Brighton Beach.  Article content Article content  “It changes a person,” Malott said in her first media interview about the case. “For me it’s hard to believe that someone could actually do that to someone else. Then it bothers me that three kids lost their mother. It bothers me that someone did this and there’s been no closure. Somebody is out there that did this.”  Article content Article content  Diane Dobson, 36, a mother of three, disappeared on Valentine’s Day 1995.  Article content Jackie Malott, pictured at the Windsor Star offices in downtown Windsor, Thursday, February 13, 2020, discovered the body of Diane Dobson, who was murdered 25 years ago. The case remains unsolved. Jackie Malott, pictured at the Windsor Star offices in downtown Windsor, Thursday, February 13, 2020, discovered the body of Diane Dobson, who was murdered 25 years ago. The case remains unsolved. Photo by Dax Melmer /jpg Article content  No one with the Windsor Police Service would talk about the case this week. But spokesman Sgt. Stephen Betteridge sent an email stating the police service “continues to investigate all cold cases,” adding their anniversaries can help can help renew interest in these “tragic incidents.”  Article content  “At any given time, a witness or member of the community may recall that one piece of information that could be the key piece of evidence required to move the investigation forward,” he wrote in the email. “Also, as technologies improve and develop, investigators may have opportunities to re-examine previously seized evidence utilizing techniques that did not even exist years back when the involved evidence was seized.”  Article content  In response to a follow-up email asking for specific comments about the Dobson case, he wrote there is “no other information to provide at this time.”  Article content  Windsor police have previously said she died from a savage attack that included multiple blows to the face, possibly from a steel pipe.  Article content  There was no evidence she had been restrained. Police have also previously said there were no defensive wounds, a sign she might not have seen it coming.  Article content Article content  “She was probably just sitting there minding her own business,” Windsor police Det. Brian Menard said in 2000. “She didn’t have a chance. I think what bothers me the most about this case is the degree of violence. It was sickening.”  Article content Read More   1. Diana Leroux is shown with a photo of her daughter Yvonne Leroux at her Windsor, Ont. home on Monday, March 31, 2014. Yvonne was murdered in 1972 at the age of 16. Her killer has never been found. (DAN JANISSE/The Windsor Star)     Reward offered in cold murder case of Windsor native   2. Windsor murder victim Ljubica Topic, who was sexually assaulted and severely beaten in 1971.     Windsor police have 'no defensible reason' to refuse naming Ljubica Topic's killer, expert says   3. Advertisement 1     Story continues below     This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Article content  In the decades since Dobson’s death, police have hit several dead ends.  Article content I thought, how could a person do this to another person and just leave them where they left them? Article content  They searched hotels and motels, turning up nothing. Dobson’s ex-husband was cleared. The man she was living with was out of town when she was killed. One suspect died of a heroin overdose in 1996.  Article content  There were rumours the murder was tied to a bumbled plan to smuggle heroin into Windsor Jail. It was never proven.  Article content  Investigators also never located the primary crime scene. In 1997, police thought they found it at a flophouse on Ojibway Parkway. They spent a week collecting evidence, but the large bloodstain investigators were focussed on ended up being of “non-human origin.”  Article content  Another lead brought police to a bloodstain in the back of a cube van, but DNA testing showed the blood wasn’t Dobson’s.  Article content  Past investigators have said she lived a “vulnerable lifestyle.”  Article content  The third of 10 children, she was born on the Saugeen First Nations reserve near the Bruce Peninsula. Dobson was adopted by a wealthy Toronto family, but ran away from home when she was 13.  Advertisement 1 This advertisement has not loaded yet. Trending    1. UPDATE: Amherstburg owner of 2 dogs faces 3 charges after attack on dog being walked by 11-year-old girl      dog     Local News    2. What's On Windsor: Golden Girls pub crawl, classic cars, fireworks and more      car show     Local News   3. Advertisement 2     Story continues below     This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.    4. Windsor-Essex cycling group falsely linked to vandalism, organizers say      James Braakman, president of the Windsor-Essex Bike Community is shown near a vandalized sign at the Black Oak Heritage Park     Local News    5. UPDATE: Windsor police hunt for home-invasion suspects who carried guns, impersonated officers      Police tape surrounds a home in the 1100 block of Cora Greenwood Drive in Windsor on Thursday, May 14, 2026.     Local News    6. Windsor drug dealer played ‘Russian roulette’ with clients, judge says      Ontario court of justice sign     Local News Advertisement 2 Advertisement This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Article content  It was a tough life. She drove a cab in Windsor for 15 years. Drug and alcohol addiction dogged her. Police said she led a “vulnerable lifestyle.”  Article content  But Dobson was trying to make a better life. A few years before she died, she reconnected with a long-lost sister living in Toronto. She also became more interested in her First Nations heritage and was taking courses at St. Clair College.  Article content Melissa Thomas, Elayne Isaacs and Katie Baltzer (left and right) hold a photo of Windsor victim Diane Dobson in Dieppe Park as part of the 11th annual National Sisters in Spirit Vigil for the murdered indigenous women across Canada in Windsor on Tuesday, October 4, 2016. The annual event seeks to raise awareness of missing and murdered women. Melissa Thomas, Elayne Isaacs and Katie Baltzer (left and right) hold a photo of Windsor victim Diane Dobson in Dieppe Park as part of the 11th annual National Sisters in Spirit Vigil for the murdered indigenous women across Canada in Windsor on Tuesday, October 4, 2016. The annual event seeks to raise awareness of missing and murdered women. Photo by Tyler Brownbridge /Windsor Star Article content  Dobson was last seen around 5:45 p.m. on Feb. 14, 1995, walking down Prince Road after leaving home. She lived near Prince and Myrtle Street.  Article content  The next day, Malott, an instrument technician, backed her work van up to an air monitoring station in Brighton Beach on Windsor’s west side.  Article content  It was about 8:30 a.m. on a chilly morning. Freezing rain picked at her face as she walked to the rear of her van to lift the tailgate and grab some tools.  Article content  “Just out of the corner of my eye, I saw feet and jeans,” said Malott. “I thought, ‘someone is lying alongside the fence.’”  Article content  She put down her tools and went over to see if the person needed help.  Article content  “I realized that the person was dead, just by what I observed,” said Malott.  Article content  “A terribly beaten and bruised female. There was a lot of head trauma.”  Article content Article content  The dead woman was wearing jeans and a black waist-length coat. The jacket was open, exposing a pink bra. The woman wasn’t wearing a shirt, or shoes.  Article content  The air monitoring station, which has since been removed to make way for the new international bridge, was secluded but not hard to get to by car.  Article content  “They took no effort to hide her,” said Malott.  Article content  Shock and disbelief quickly turned to fear.  Article content  “It looked like the body hadn’t been there that long,” said Malott. “I didn’t know if someone was still there in close proximity. It was kind of a remote area. You realize it’s a murder by what you see, then a lot of things go through your head. I became terribly sad. I thought, how could a person do this to another person and just leave them where they left them?”  Article content  She went back to the van to call 911 from her cellphone, a bulky piece of equipment in a bag attached to the cigarette lighter. It roamed over to Detroit, so she had to move the van and try again.  Article content  “I was actually quite scared,” said Malott. “You’re torn between leaving someone lying there and driving away.”  Article content  She told the 911 dispatcher she was pretty sure this was a murder.  Article content Article content  “The first constable that came over was quite upset,” she said. “I could tell he was upset and I was just trying to hold everything together. We just kind of looked again at the body, then he asked me to sit in the police car.”  Article content  Police have since said the killer likely dumped Dobson’s body there, in a muddy ditch off Water Street near Wright Street, after killing her somewhere else. A pathologist estimated Dobson lost at least three litres of blood but there was barely a trace where she was found.  Article content  Malott said police immediately “buttoned down the scene.”  Article content  “I had to call for someone to come and pick me up because my van had contaminated the murder scene just by where I drove,” she said. “They wanted to rule out the tire prints.”  Article content  She went back to work the next day.  Article content  “I wanted to forget it,” said Malott. “I wanted to push it way down and forget it.”  Article content  That wasn’t going to happen.  Article content  “I don’t think I slept for a month,” she said. “Every time I shut my eyes that was all I saw. It’s a really hard image to get out of your head. Even today if I think about it, I can see exactly what I saw then.”  Article content  Anyone with information about Dobson’s killer can call Windsor police at 519-255-6700 ext. 4830 or Crime Stoppers at 519-258-TIPS.  Article content  twilhelm@postmedia.com  Article content  twitter.com/WinStarWilhelm  Article content Share this article in your social network   • Share via email   • Reddit   • X   • Share on Linkedin   • Share this Story : Windsor Star     • Copy Link     • Email     • X     • Reddit     • Pinterest     • LinkedIn     • Tumblr Comments You must be logged in to join the discussion or read more comments. Create an AccountSign in Join the Conversation  Postmedia is committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion. Please keep comments relevant and respectful. Comments may take up to an hour to appear on the site. You will receive an email if there is a reply to your comment, an update to a thread you follow or if a user you follow comments. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information.  Featured Local Savings Subscribe $0.50/week Categories   • News   • Sports   • Local Sports   • Opinion   • Business   • Arts   • Life   • ePaper   • Subscribe Follow Windsor Star   • Visit our Facebook page (Leaving Windsor Star)   • Visit our X page (Leaving Windsor Star)   • Visit our YouTube page (Leaving Windsor Star)   • Visit our Instagram page (Leaving Windsor Star) Secondary Links   • Advertise With Us   • Advertising Solutions   • Postmedia Ad Manager   • Savings   • Digital Ad Registry   • Site Map   • Contact   • Privacy Policy   • Terms of Use   • FAQ   • Copyright & Licensing   • My Account   • Manage My Print Subscription   • Manage My Tax Receipt Postmedia logo  365 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario, M4W 3L4  © 2026 Windsor Star, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited.  Notice for the Postmedia Network  This website uses cookies to personalize your content (including ads), and allows us to analyze our traffic. Read more about cookies here. By continuing to use our site, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.  You've reached the 20 article limit.  You can manage saved articles in your account.  Subscribe $0.50/week  and save up to 100 articles!  Looks like you've reached your saved article limit!  You can manage your saved articles in your account and clicking the X located at the bottom right of the article.
articles!  Looks like you've reached your saved article limit!  You can manage your saved articles in your account and clicking the X located at the bottom right of the article.
__label__wiki One more step  Please complete the security check to access  Why do I have to complete a CAPTCHA?  Completing the CAPTCHA proves you are a human and gives you temporary access to the web property.  What can I do to prevent this in the future?  If you are on a personal connection, like at home, you can run an anti-virus scan on your device to make sure it is not infected with malware. If you are at an office or shared network, you can ask the network administrator to run a scan across the network looking for misconfigured or infected devices.
__label__wiki 8000 Baroness Olly Grender’s maiden speech Liberal Democrat Voice Our place to talk – an independent website for supporters of the Liberal Democrat party in the UK. The most-read website by and for Lib Dem supporters. Not paid for by trade unions or millionaires. Skip to content   • Home   • Member surveys   • Video   • Archive   • Members' forum   • Donate   • Write for us!   • About us   • Cookies   • Mobile   • deficit graph - uk-us      Nick Thornsby: why we should aim for a surplus   • universities_uk logo      ‘Good’ gender segregation and ‘bad’ gender…   • polling day      Stephen Tall: 3 scenarios for 2015 based on current polls   • Clegg family Xmas card 2013      Adorbs! The Clegg Family Christmas Card for 2013 NewsHound  Baroness Olly Grender’s maiden speech  By NewsHound | Fri 13th December 2013 - 2:50 pm Tweet  It is a tradition for LDV to bring its readers copies of our new MPs’ and Peers’ first words in Parliament, so that we can read what is being said and respond. You can find all of the speeches in this category with this link. On 28 November, Baroness Grender made her maiden speech in the House of Lords during a debate on broadcast media and its role in the economy. Her words are reproduced below.  Baroness Grender (LD): My Lords, I would like to thank my noble friend Lady Bonham-Carter of Yarnbury for introducing this debate. I would also like to thank so many noble Lords for their welcome. The warmth of the welcome is matched only by the warmth of the heating in this place. The advice and support from the staff has been magnificent, but no surprise for regular visitors over the years. Their politeness has always extended beyond the Members of this House, and for that I thank them.  I am honoured to be here, among so many I have admired for so long. In my years of advising others in the other place, and more recently at No. 10, it was never lost on me that the dirty laundry of legislation was often sent to this place only to be returned washed, starched and neatly pressed. It is a testament to a place where many take their public office and their legislative duties seriously. I share and echo that sentiment.  I would like to thank my two supporters. For me, they will always be friends first and noble Baronesses second. Their advice is invaluable. My noble friend Lady Parminter’s wisdom and steely determination belies her youthful looks; under her watchful eye the green agenda will always be strongly defended. Of course, my noble friend Lady Thomas of Winchester’s patient explanation of affirmative resolution procedures has been something to behold over the years and is an experience not to be missed by any noble Lord.  I would also like to thank my party, the Liberal Democrats. However often I tried to escape, I returned with one more project or task to complete, most recently as the Deputy Prime Minister’s director of communications, or in the 1990s as my noble friend Lord Ashdown’s. My party has given me a great career with fascinating work, inspirational people to work with, and achievements in government which make me proud.  I am sure, like me, most will have received a great deal of advice about when and how to do a maiden speech, most of it contradicting the previous piece of advice. Normally, Thursday seems like an excellent day – not too many people – but the names that are down to speak today are, to a new Peer, like the A-list of broadcasting, and suddenly a debate on a Thursday feels like something in the full glare of the media spotlight. But our UK broadcast media deserve that spotlight. They are unique in quality, partly because of the careful balance we have between our public service broadcasting and commercial – and also because of the expectation in law of impartiality, put so well recently by Alastair Stewart, referring to just one day’s controversial coverage being produced,  as impartially and objectively as we could, with as much balance as we could muster. That, because we have to, in law; but, also, it was because that is how we, who work at ITV News, want to do it … It is our cause and our calling.  As director of communications for Shelter I always understood the special role that broadcast media can play in holding those who are in power to account on behalf of those most left out of power, like homeless people. More recently, the “Question Time” I was on last week, with only three people on the panel, was described in the Daily Mail as the worst “Question Time” ever. Whether that makes me uniquely qualified is probably something best left. The noble Baroness, Lady Bakewell, who was stuck on a train and answering questions on Twitter, was sorely missed on that panel.  This debate necessarily starts with the record we have in public service broadcasting, of which the cornerstone is the BBC. BBC Worldwide is the largest TV programme distributor outside the major US studios, and its impact on the reputation of the United Kingdom overseas is one which increases our ability to trade worldwide and way beyond broadcasting. My noble friend Lady Bonham-Carter’s timing for this debate is perfect, following the amazing weekend marking the 50th anniversary of “Doctor Who”. Simulcast in 94 countries, setting a Guinness world record, with record-breaking figures in America, it was event TV drama at its best, delivered around the globe. That thrill of seeing all the Doctors saving Gallifrey is something my eight year-old son will remember until the 100th anniversary.  However, 50 years ago, even if all the noble Lords in this place had popped into the TARDIS – because, remember, it is much bigger on the inside – and travelled back in time and explained the revolution that was coming in broadcast, digital and online content, not even the first Time Lord would have believed it. Even the changes since this sector was last regulated 10 years ago have been revolutionary and the need to update that regulation, but with flexibility, must be coming soon. Thanks in part to that revolution, we now have a creative industry sector in the UK economy providing over 130,000 jobs and over £13 billion pounds in revenue from television and radio combined, delivering both jobs and growth.  In particular, broadcast media has had an effect on the growth of SMEs in the creative sector around the UK. In 2012, Channel 4 alone spent over £150 million on production companies outside London. Levels of innovation and investment are growing. With a publisher/broadcaster such as Channel 4 there to create and innovate, the UK’s independent production sector has grown from strength to strength. Where else in the world would there be a channel which has a statutory remit to experiment and innovate so that it comes up with a programme of people watching TV programmes, makes up a name like “Gogglebox” and then sells it to the Chinese?  Commercial radio, television and new media all add to the mix and create the maelstrom of diversity of ownership and strength of competition that guarantees a vibrant part of the UK economy. Unleashing broadband, especially in rural areas, investing in DAB, giving local radio access to the right kind of digital infrastructure and balancing up the competing needs of different broadcasters from different platforms are all urgent challenges in this area. Fifty years from now, when many more celebrate the 100th anniversary of “Doctor Who” with a new Time Lady, rather than Lord, in the TARDIS, I hope that we will be able to celebrate the continued unique balance of UK broadcasting.  * Newshound: bringing you the best Lib Dem commentary published in print or online.  Read more by NewsHound or more about house of lords, maiden or olly grender. This entry was posted in News. Bookmark the web address for this page or use the short url http://ldv.org.uk/37490 for Twitter and emails. « Previous Post  One Comment    • theakes 13th Dec '13 - 3:39pm      All jolly nice, BUT WHAT ABOUT THE AWFUL COUNCIL BY ELECTION SYSTEM THIS WEEK. APPALLING RESULTS WHERE WE STOOD, AND WHAT ABOUT WHERE THERE WAS NO CANDIDATE.     It all exemplifies what a parlous state the party is in nationally, no candidates, nor organisation in many many places, a party going or gone to the wall. WHEN ARE WE GOING TO FACE UP TO THIS REALITY AND DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT?  Post a Comment  Click here to cancel reply.  Lib Dem Voice welcomes comments from everyone but we ask you to be polite, to be on topic and to be who you say you are. You can read our comments policy in full here. Please respect it and all readers of the site.  If you are a member of the party, you can have the Lib Dem Logo appear next to your comments to show this. You must be registered for our forum and can then login on this public site with the same username and password.  Your email is never published. Required fields are marked *  * * Please complete the name of this site, Liberal Democrat ...?  « Previous Post  Subscribe    1. Twitter Follow @LibDemVoice on Twitter   2. Facebook Like us on Facebook   3. RSS Subscribe to our feed   4. Email Sign-up for our daily email digest  Most Read    1. The Clegg Family Christmas Card, with a little help from their sons   2. Nelson Mandela – the long walk is over   3. FOUND: David Cameron's Little Black Book   4. Three scenarios for the 2015 election based on current polling: which do you think looks most plausible?   5. Opinion: Our liberal identity crisis  Search  Op-eds    • Opinion: Political deference to today’s orthodoxy is the UK’s economic problem (Paul Reynolds)   • Lib Dems should aim for a budget surplus not because the Tories want to, but because it is right (Nick Thornsby)   • Norman Lamb MP writes…Have your say on dementia care (Norman Lamb MP)   • Opinion: Ukip’s not-so-respectable European allies (Paul Stocker)   • ‘Good’ gender segregation and ‘bad’ gender segregation? (Stephen Tall) Tweets from @libdemvoice/team     • Stephen Tall My recommended reading for today December 13, 2013   • Alex Folkes Lib Dems bring cheaper season tickets across Cornwall   • Louise Shaw Least credit worthy regions : bad news for the NW.   • Alice Bell The BBC should ask more questions about the experts it puts on air | Alice Bell   • Craig Whittall LDHQ: Pupil Premium Allocations 2014-15   • Trisha xx Looking back at the garden in 2013   • Mark Pack Splitters! Haringey's new Left Unity party fails to bring unity on the left   • Sandgate Library Events for Children in December   • Caron Lindsay Federal Executive report 9 December 2013   • David Boyle The trouble with inspection  Recent Comments    • User Avatartheakes 13th Dec - 3:39pm     All jolly nice, BUT WHAT ABOUT THE AWFUL COUNCIL BY ELECTION SYSTEM THIS WEEK. APPALLING RESULTS WHERE WE STOOD, AND WHAT ABOUT WHERE THERE WAS...   • User AvatarJayne Mansfield 13th Dec - 3:08pm     @ Roland UCL students were segregated, one of the visiting professors threatened to leave. The segregation of women from men on University grounds was based...   • User AvatarOliver 13th Dec - 2:58pm     @Evan The legal implications for someone who is unconscious, otherwise in a coma or incapable of making their own decision AND is from a foreign...   • User AvatarRoland 13th Dec - 2:36pm     I think Stephen and other have missed the key point of the UUK 'guidance': "Drawing on existing practice within the sector, this guidance seeks to...   • User AvatarGareth Wilson 13th Dec - 2:13pm     Its a bit of an oversimplification to say QE has been bad for everyone. Its been hugely successful for the government which has saved hundreds...   • User AvatarNick Thornsby 13th Dec - 1:53pm     @ Liberal Al I'm sorry that was your interpretation. Given that the fundamental point of the piece is that we should run a surplus in... Fri 13th Dec 2013 19:30 Social and Quiz Sat 14th Dec 2013 10:30 Action Day with our Redland candidate @alex_mjs Sun 15th Dec 2013 15:00 Minced Pies & Mulled Wine with Haringey Lib Dems Thu 19th Dec 2013 Lincolnshire County Council, Scotter Division by-election West Lindsey District Council, Scotter Ward by-election Thu 2nd Jan 2014 12:00 February Day of Action 20:00 Winchester Liberal Drinks Fri 3rd Jan 2014 19:30 Beer and Politics 19:30 European Policy Forum with Andrew Duff MEP Powered by Wordpress | Theme by Artesea | Content © 2006-2013 Liberal Democrat Voice and its contributors. All rights reserved. 0
  • User AvatarGareth Wilson 13th Dec - 2:13pm     Its a bit of an oversimplification to say QE has been bad for everyone. Its been hugely successful for the government which has saved hundreds...   • User AvatarNick Thornsby 13th Dec - 1:53pm     @ Liberal Al I'm sorry that was your interpretation. Given that the fundamental point of the piece is that we should run a surplus in... Fri 13th Dec 2013 19:30 Social and Quiz Sat 14th Dec 2013 10:30 Action Day with our Redland candidate @alex_mjs Sun 15th Dec 2013 15:00 Minced Pies & Mulled Wine with Haringey Lib Dems Thu 19th Dec 2013 Lincolnshire County Council, Scotter Division by-election West Lindsey District Council, Scotter Ward by-election Thu 2nd Jan 2014 12:00 February Day of Action 20:00 Winchester Liberal Drinks Fri 3rd Jan 2014 19:30 Beer and Politics 19:30 European Policy Forum with Andrew Duff MEP Powered by Wordpress | Theme by Artesea | Content © 2006-2013 Liberal Democrat Voice and its contributors. All rights reserved. 0
__label__wiki One more step  Please complete the security check to access  Why do I have to complete a CAPTCHA?  Completing the CAPTCHA proves you are a human and gives you temporary access to the web property.  What can I do to prevent this in the future?  If you are on a personal connection, like at home, you can run an anti-virus scan on your device to make sure it is not infected with malware. If you are at an office or shared network, you can ask the network administrator to run a scan across the network looking for misconfigured or infected devices.
  • User AvatarGareth Wilson 13th Dec - 2:13pm     Its a bit of an oversimplification to say QE has been bad for everyone. Its been hugely successful for the government which has saved hundreds...   • User AvatarNick Thornsby 13th Dec - 1:53pm     @ Liberal Al I'm sorry that was your interpretation. Given that the fundamental point of the piece is that we should run a surplus in... Fri 13th Dec 2013 19:30 Social and Quiz Sat 14th Dec 2013 10:30 Action Day with our Redland candidate @alex_mjs Sun 15th Dec 2013 15:00 Minced Pies & Mulled Wine with Haringey Lib Dems Thu 19th Dec 2013 Lincolnshire County Council, Scotter Division by-election West Lindsey District Council, Scotter Ward by-election Thu 2nd Jan 2014 12:00 February Day of Action 20:00 Winchester Liberal Drinks Fri 3rd Jan 2014 19:30 Beer and Politics 19:30 European Policy Forum with Andrew Duff MEP Powered by Wordpress | Theme by Artesea | Content © 2006-2013 Liberal Democrat Voice and its contributors. All rights reserved. 0
__label__wiki One more step  Please complete the security check to access  Why do I have to complete a CAPTCHA?  Completing the CAPTCHA proves you are a human and gives you temporary access to the web property.  What can I do to prevent this in the future?  If you are on a personal connection, like at home, you can run an anti-virus scan on your device to make sure it is not infected with malware. If you are at an office or shared network, you can ask the network administrator to run a scan across the network looking for misconfigured or infected devices.
__label__wiki 12b49 5 IDF soldiers killed, 14 injured by roadside bombs in northern Gaza | The Times of Israel Skip to main content Join our Community Support ToI and remove all ads Learn more   • English   • Français   • עברית   • Get The Daily Edition   • user Account   • user Sign In     • Sign in     • Join our Community The Times of Israel Open Search form   • Israel & the Region   • Jewish Times   • Israel Inside   • Tech Israel   • Real Estate Israel   • The Blogs   • Podcasts   • Video   • Newsletters     • The Daily Edition       What Matters Most Today     • Tech Israel       Updates from Silicon Wadi     • Real Estate Israel       Monthly Update     • The Weekend Edition       The Best Reads of the Week     • Weekly Highlights       Choice Voices From The Blogs   • Partners     • Atlanta       Atlanta Jewish Times     • North New Jersey       The Jewish Standard     • Pittsburgh       Jewish Chronicle     • United Kingdom       The Jewish News     • Australia       The Australian Jewish News     • For Publishers       Become a Partner   • English   • Français   • עברית   • Latest Articles   • Latest Alerts   • Israel & the Region   • Jewish Times   • Israel Inside   • Tech Israel   • Real Estate Israel   • The Blogs   • Podcasts   • Video   • Newsletters     • The Daily Edition       What Matters Most Today     • Tech Israel       Updates from Silicon Wadi     • Real Estate Israel       Monthly Update     • The Weekend Edition       The Best Reads of the Week     • Weekly Highlights       Choice Voices From The Blogs   • Partners     • Atlanta       Atlanta Jewish Times     • North New Jersey       The Jewish Standard     • Pittsburgh       Jewish Chronicle     • United Kingdom       The Jewish News     • Australia       The Australian Jewish News     • For Publishers       Become a Partner   • Community     • Join our community     • Sign in     • About The Times of Israel     • Advertise on The Times of Israel     • Contact us     • Download our App       • For IOS users       • For Android users     • Get the Daily Edition     • Follow us       facebook link instagram link twitter link youtube link     • © 2026 The Times of Israel , All Rights Reserved       Terms and conditions Privacy policy × Advertisement Homepage  5 IDF soldiers killed, 14 injured by roadside bombs in northern Gaza  IDF probe finds three explosives detonated in succession while soldiers were on foot in Beit Hanoun; four of five slain troops served in ultra-Orthodox Netzah Yehuda Battalion  By Emanuel Fabian You will receive email alerts from this author. Manage alert preferences on your profile page You will no longer receive email alerts from this author. Manage alert preferences on your profile page 8 July 2025, 9:53 am Edit   • Send by email   • Facebook   • X   • Whatsapp   • Telegram   • Bluesky   • Reddit   • Print 25  Emanuel (Mannie) Fabian is The Times of Israel's military correspondent  Soldiers killed in northern Gaza's Beit Hanoun on July 7, 2025: (L-R) Staff Sgt. Meir Shimon Amar, Sgt. Moshe Nissim Frech, Staff Sgt. Noam Aharon Musgadian, Sgt. First Class (res.) Benyamin Asulin, Staff Sgt. Moshe Shmuel Noll. (Courtesy) Soldiers killed in northern Gaza's Beit Hanoun on July 7, 2025: (L-R) Staff Sgt. Meir Shimon Amar, Sgt. Moshe Nissim Frech, Staff Sgt. Noam Aharon Musgadian, Sgt. First Class (res.) Benyamin Asulin, Staff Sgt. Moshe Shmuel Noll. (Courtesy)  Five Israeli soldiers were killed and 14 were wounded by roadside bombs in Beit Hanoun in the northern Gaza Strip on Monday night, the military announced on Tuesday morning.  The slain soldiers were named as:    • Staff Sgt. Meir Shimon Amar, 20, from Jerusalem   • Sgt. Moshe Nissim Frech, 20, from Jerusalem.   • Staff Sgt. Noam Aharon Musgadian, 20, from Jerusalem.   • Staff Sgt. Moshe Shmuel Noll, 21, from Beit Shemesh.   • Sgt. First Class (res.) Benyamin Asulin, 28, from Haifa.  Amar, Frech, Musgadian, and Noll served in the Kfir Brigade’s Netzah Yehuda Battalion. Asulin served in the Gaza Division’s Northern Brigade. Among the 14 wounded, two of the troops were listed in serious condition.  According to an IDF probe, the infantry soldiers were hit by three bombs remotely detonated one after another by Hamas operatives on the side of a road during ground operations in Beit Hanoun. The soldiers were operating on foot and were not inside a vehicle.  The investigation found that most of the troops were hurt by the first and second bombs, which were detonated within a few moments of each other. The first bomb hit several soldiers, and the troops that rushed to help them were hit by the second bomb.  Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories By signing up, you agree to the terms  As the third bomb was detonated, a cell of Hamas operatives opened fire with light arms on the Israeli troops. The military believes the bombs were planted by the Hamas cell during the preceding 24 hours.  b97c IDF Chief of Staff Lt. Gen. Eyal Zamir speaks to troops of the Kfir Brigade’s Netzah Yehuda Battalion in the Gaza Strip, March 6, 2025. (Israel Defense Forces)  The military said the area where the attack took place was also targeted from the air ahead of the troops’ operations.  Following the attack, the IDF dispatched Israeli Air Force drones, helicopters and fighter jets to the area to prevent any potential attempts by Hamas to abduct the soldiers. Within an hour and a half, the incident was considered over, the military said.  Advertisement  The Netzah Yehuda soldiers were operating under the Gaza Division’s Northern Brigade as part of a fresh offensive with the 646th Reserve Paratroopers Brigade in Beit Hanoun, which began on Saturday, aimed at clearing the area of terror operatives who remain holed up there.  The IDF has operated in Beit Hanoun — located on the northern edge of Gaza, just across from the border city of Sderot — numerous times since the start of the war, capturing the town but withdrawing each time after several weeks.  Israeli officials have said the latest offensive in Gaza would see the IDF hold onto the territory. Currently, the military is in control of some 70% of the Strip’s territory, according to the army.  Netzah Yehuda is made up mostly of ultra-Orthodox soldiers and was set up in 1999 to accommodate the religious lifestyle of Haredim and other national-religious recruits in the army.  IDF soldiers from the Kfir Brigade operate in the Gaza Strip, in images released on June 2, 2025. (Israel Defense Forces)  Reacting to the deadly incident while on his visit to Washington, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said, “On this difficult morning, the entire people of Israel bow their heads and mourn the deaths of our heroic fighters, who sacrificed their lives in the campaign to defeat Hamas and free all of our hostages. We embrace the families who lost their loved ones, and pray for the full recovery of those wounded in the incident.”  The majority of soldiers killed during fighting in Gaza in recent months were hit by explosive devices, many of which were planted in buildings or on the side of roads. Seven combat engineering soldiers were killed in Khan Younis on June 24, when a Hamas operative threw an explosive device into their armored personnel carrier.  Advertisement  Israel’s toll in the ground offensive against Hamas in Gaza and in military operations along the border with the Strip stands at 449.  The war in Gaza was sparked by the October 7, 2023, Hamas assault on southern Israel, in which some 1,200 people were killed 251 were taken hostage.  Smoke billows near makeshift shelters for displaced Palestinians during Israeli bombing in Rafah, in the southern Gaza Strip on June 11, 2025. (Photo by AFP)  Terror groups in the Gaza Strip are still holding 50 hostages, including 49 of the 251 abducted by Hamas-led terrorists on October 7, 2023. They include the bodies of at least 28 confirmed dead by the IDF. Twenty are believed to be alive and there are grave concerns for the well-being of two others, Israeli officials have said. Hamas is also holding the body of an IDF soldier killed in Gaza in 2014.  The Hamas-run Gaza health ministry says more than 57,000 people in the Strip have been killed or are presumed dead in the fighting so far, though the toll cannot be verified and does not differentiate between civilians and fighters. Israel says it has killed some 20,000 combatants in battle as of January and another 1,600 terrorists inside Israel during the October 7 onslaught.  Times of Israel staff contributed to this report.  Which gorgeous bird do you prefer?  THIS MONTH ONLY: Join our reader support group for as little as $6/month and receive an exclusive tote bag featuring one of Israel’s native birds.  Choose between the Duchifat (orange), Israel's national bird, or the Shaldag (blue), a beloved symbol of the Israeli landscape.   As a member of the Times of Israel Community, you'll also enjoy:    • An ad-free experience of our site and podcasts.   • Exclusive access to award-winning films via DocuNation.   • Weekly letters from founding editor David Horovitz. Join ToI Community & claim my bag CLAIM YOUR BAG Already a member? Sign in to stop seeing this You're a dedicated reader  We’re really pleased that you’ve read X Times of Israel articles in the past month.  That’s why we started the Times of Israel - to provide discerning readers like you with must-read coverage of Israel and the Jewish world.  So now we have a request. Unlike other news outlets, we haven’t put up a paywall. But as the journalism we do is costly, we invite readers for whom The Times of Israel has become important to help support our work by joining The Times of Israel Community.  For as little as $6 a month you can help support our quality journalism while enjoying The Times of Israel AD-FREE, as well as accessing exclusive content available only to Times of Israel Community members.  Thank you, David Horovitz, Founding Editor of The Times of Israel  Join Our Community Join Our Community Already a member? Sign in to stop seeing this Most Popular   • This photo released on May 12, 2026 shows US Marines with Maritime Raid Force rappelling out of an MH-60S Sea Hawk, assigned to Helicopter Sea Combat Squadron 25, during helicopter and roping sustainment training aboard the forward-deployed amphibious assault ship USS Tripoli at sea on May 8, 2026. (US Marine Corps photo)     1     As Iran talks stall, Israel and US prepping to renew war as soon as next week – report   • Hamas Gaza chief Izz al-Din al-Haddad, then the commander of the terror group's Gaza City Brigade, is seen in a video released by Hamas’s military wing in May 2022 (social media)     2     IDF confirms Hamas Gaza chief Izz al-Din al-Haddad killed in airstrike   • Left: Anti-Israel, pro-Palestinian protesters during a demonstration in London, Feb. 17, 2024; (R) A demonstrator stands on the head of the South Bank lionon the side of the Westminster Bridge, during a Tommy Robinson-led Unite the Kingdom march in London, Sept. 13, 2025. (AP Photo/Joanna Chan)     3     Tens of thousands set to rally in London for concurrent far-right, anti-Israel protests   • New York City Mayor Zohran Mamdani smiles during an address marking his first 100 days in office, in New York City, April 12, 2026. (AP Photo/Andres Kudacki)     4     Mamdani posts Nakba Day video, saying the ‘catastrophe’ continues until today   • Noam Bettan from Israel performs the song 'Michelle' during the Grand Final of the 70th Eurovision Song Contest in Vienna, Austria, May 16, 2026. (AP/Martin Meissner)     5     Israel’s Noam Bettan finishes second at Eurovision as Bulgaria takes the win   • An aerial view of the Ein Hatzeva archaeological site south of the Dead Sea in an undated picture. A new study published in the journal Levant on April 27, 2026, suggests that the ancient fortress at the site was built by the biblical kingdom of Israel in the first half of the 8th century BCE and not by the Assyrian empire as previously thought. (Asaf Peretz/ Israel Antiquities Authority)     6     How ancient seeds are rewriting the history of biblical-era trade with Arabia   • Cpt. Maoz Israel Recanati. (Israel Defense Forces)     7     IDF infantry platoon commander killed by Hezbollah drone in southern Lebanon   • Noam Bettan from Israel arrives on stage ahead of the dress rehearsal for the Grand Final of the 70th Eurovision Song Contest in Vienna, Austria, May 15, 2026. (AP Photo/Martin Meissner)     8     Israel’s Noam Bettan prepares to take the stage at partly boycotted Eurovision final read more:   • Israel & the Region   • 2023-2025 Israel-Hamas war   • IDF Israel Defense Forces   • Netzah Yehuda   • Beit Hanoun   • improvised explosive device IED If you’d like to comment, join The Times of Israel Community. JOIN THE TOI COMMUNITY Already a member? Log in here X Sign in or Join The Times of Israel Community Paying ToI Community members are invited to comment on articles Please use the following structure: example@domain.com Or Continue with google apple facebook By joining you agree to the terms and conditions timesofisrael Register to continue Or Continue with google apple facebook timesofisrael Log in to continue Something went wrong. Please try again in a few minutes.. timesofisrael Sign in or Join The Times of Israel Community You are currently registered. Please join The Times of Israel Community to comment and enjoy other Community benefits Only ToI Community members can comment below articles Incorrect password. Please try again or choose an option below. Forgot your password? / Send me a login link Or Continue with google apple facebook timesofisrael check your email Check your email We sent an email to you at . It has a link that will sign you in. Click the link in that email to complete registration so you can comment. X Join The Times of Israel Community Commenting is available for paying members of The Times of Israel Community only. Please join our Community to comment and enjoy other Community benefits. Please use the following structure: example@domain.com X Confirm Mail Thank you! Now check your email You are now a member of The Times of Israel Community! We sent you an email with a login link to . Once you're set up, you can start enjoying Community benefits and commenting. 1ff01 Advertisement Advertisement May 17, 2026 Current Top Stories IDF troops operate at the Litani River in southern Lebanon, in a handout photo published by the military on May 12, 2026. (Israel Defense Forces) Live IDF says Hezbollah fired rockets, explosive drones at troops in south Lebanon; no injuries By ToI Staff Amid reports Iran war could resume, Trump posts image warning of ‘calm before the storm’ * Settlers set fire to vehicle, spray graffiti in Palestinian West Bank village – reports   • 6:23 am     USS Ford finally returns home after 11-month deployment for Iran war, Maduro's capture   • 6:01 am     Settlers set fire to vehicle, spray graffiti in Palestinian West Bank village - reports   • 4:52 am     6 environmental campaigners arrested on suspicion of flying Palestinian flag from Eiffel Tower   • 4:40 am     IDF says Hezbollah fired rockets, explosive drones at troops in southern Lebanon; no injuries Noam Bettan from Israel performs the song 'Michelle' during the Grand Final of the 70th Eurovision Song Contest in Vienna, Austria, May 16, 2026. (AP/Martin Meissner) Israel’s Noam Bettan finishes second at Eurovision as Bulgaria takes the win By Amy Spiro ‘Michelle’ propels Israel to third in the televote and its 2nd year in a row as the runner up, as singer says he ‘tried to stay focused, I sang with joy, with a smile on my face’ Noam Bettan from Israel performs the song 'Michelle' during the Grand Final of the 70th Eurovision Song Contest in Vienna, Austria, May 16, 2026. (AP Photo/Martin Meissner) Live updates (closed)May 16: Herzog tells Eurovision runner-up Bettan he ‘brought honor’ to Israel with ‘perfect’ performance By ToI Staff Amir Ben-David Op-edLaugh-out-loud ridiculous: How the New York Times missed the mark on Israel and Eurovision By Amir Ben-David Noam Bettan from Israel arrives on stage ahead of the dress rehearsal for the Grand Final of the 70th Eurovision Song Contest in Vienna, Austria, May 15, 2026. (AP Photo/Martin Meissner) Israel’s Noam Bettan prepares to take the stage at partly boycotted Eurovision final By ToI Staff and Agencies Israeli flags hang in the designated Israel "Euro Cafe" MQ Kantine during the 70th Eurovision Song Contest week in Vienna, Austria, May 13, 2026. (AP/Martin Meissner) A Vienna cafe offers refuge for Israel supporters as tensions brew at Eurovision By AP and ToI Staff Cpt. Maoz Israel Recanati. (Israel Defense Forces) IDF infantry platoon commander killed by Hezbollah drone in southern Lebanon By Emanuel Fabian, Nava Freiberg, AFP and ToI Staff Slain officer named as Cpt. Maoz Israel Recanati, 24, who was set to marry fiancé next month; IDF says it struck over 100 Hezbollah targets over weekend A woman looks on from the window of a damaged building following overnight Israeli strike on Lebanon's southern city of Tyre on May 16, 2026. (Kawnat HAJU / AFP) IDF launches strikes targeting Hezbollah for 1st time since Lebanon ceasefire extended By Emanuel Fabian and Agencies US officials host the third round of talks between Israel and Lebanon at the State Department on May 15, 2026. (State Department) Porous ceasefire extended for 45-days after third round of Israel-Lebanon talks By Jacob Magid, Emanuel Fabian and AFP Staff Sgt. Negev Dagan, 20, was killed in Lebanon on May 14, 2026. (Courtesy of the IDF) Soldier killed by Hezbollah mortar shell in south Lebanon; rockets fired at north By Emanuel Fabian, Jacob Magid, Reuters and ToI Staff Hamas Gaza chief Izz al-Din al-Haddad, then the commander of the terror group's Gaza City Brigade, is seen in a video released by Hamas’s military wing in May 2022 (social media) IDF confirms Hamas Gaza chief Izz al-Din al-Haddad killed in airstrike By Emanuel Fabian Sources in terror group also confirm death of Haddad, known as ‘the Ghost’ and long sought by Israel; was one of last surviving architects of Oct. 7 onslaught and had in the past ‘surrounded himself with hostages’ Palestinians react to a fire following an Israeli strike on a residential building in the Rimal neighborhood of Gaza City, Friday, May 15, 2026. (AP Photo/Jehad Alshrafi) Israeli strike targets Hamas military leader Izz al-Din al-Haddad, ‘last architect of Oct. 7’ By Emanuel Fabian and Agencies Hamas Gaza chief Izz al-Din Haddad, who was killed in an IDF strike in Gaza City on May 15, 2026. (Via social media) Live updates (closed)May 15: After strike, Israeli official says Haddad was undermining Trump’s Gaza plan By ToI Staff A tent camp for displaced Palestinians stretches among the ruins of buildings destroyed during the Israel-Hamas war, in Gaza City, May 15, 2026. (AP Photo/Abdel Kareem Hana) US mulls asking Israel to provide PA tax funds for Trump’s Gaza plan — sources By Reuters, Jacob Magid and ToI Staff Sam Sokol TOI investigates Sam Sokol Haredi extremists brag openly of campaign to obstruct cops, but evade consequences In carefully worded emails, Jerusalem Faction organizers boast of mobilizing protests to block enforcement against draft dodgers, sometimes violently, while hiding behind laws protecting free speech A police car is seen on its side after a riot to protest against the jailing of a Jewish seminary student who failed to comply with an army recruitment order, in Jerusalem on December 18, 2025. (Chaim Goldberg/Flash90) A man stands near a burned car and graffiti on a mosque wall, which Palestinians say was made by extremist Israeli settlers, in the village of Jibya, north of Ramallah in the West Bank, May 15, 2026. (Flash90) Israel probes several settler attacks, troop misconduct, as West Bank assaults continue By Nurit Yohanan, Emanuel Fabian, AFP and ToI Staff Investigations launched after settlers torch Palestinian vehicles, reservist filmed dragging bound detainee; separately, IDF confirms Palestinian man killed near Jenin amid operation An Israeli settler clubs a dog to death in the Palestinian village of Atara in the central West Bank on May 15, 2026. (Screen capture/X, used in accordance with Clause 27a of the Copyright Law) Settler filmed brutally clubbing dog in Palestinian village By ToI Staff Finance Minister Bezalel Smotrich is seen at Damascus Gate in Jerusalem’s Old City during Jerusalem Day celebrations, May 14, 2026. (Jamal Awad/Flash90) Smotrich: End division of West Bank into Areas A, B and C; it all belongs to Israel By Emanuel Fabian, Nurit Yohanan and ToI Staff This photo released on May 12, 2026 shows US Marines with Maritime Raid Force rappelling out of an MH-60S Sea Hawk, assigned to Helicopter Sea Combat Squadron 25, during helicopter and roping sustainment training aboard the forward-deployed amphibious assault ship USS Tripoli at sea on May 8, 2026. (US Marine Corps photo) As Iran talks stall, Israel and US prepping to renew war as soon as next week – report By ToI Staff Commandos could be put on the ground to extract nuclear material, US officials tell New York Times; senior Israeli official reportedly says fighting would last ‘days to weeks’ US President Donald Trump walks to board Air Force One, Friday, May 15, 2026, at Beijing Capital International Airport in Beijing. (AP Photo/Mark Schiefelbein) Trump says he’s OK with Iran suspending nuke enrichment for 20 years if there’s ‘real’ guarantee By Jacob Magid and Agencies US President Donald Trump, center, walks with Chinese President Xi Jinping, left, at the Temple of Heaven on May 14, 2026, in Beijing. (AP/Mark Schiefelbein) Trump says ‘decimation’ of Iran’s army ‘to be continued’ after he and China’s Xi discuss Hormuz By Jacob Magid, Nava Freiberg and Agencies Anti-Israel, pro-Palestinian protesters march in central London, at the same time as a larger anti-immigration protest led by far-right activist Tommy Robinson, May 16, 2026. (Lidia Pedro / AFPTV / AFP) London police arrest 31 amid massive anti-migrant protest, smaller anti-Israel march By Agencies Police deploy 4,000 officers to maintain order in largest operation in years; UK’s PM Starmer says far-right firebrand Tommy Robinson ‘peddling hatred and division’ Left: Anti-Israel, pro-Palestinian protesters during a demonstration in London, Feb. 17, 2024; (R) A demonstrator stands on the head of the South Bank lionon the side of the Westminster Bridge, during a Tommy Robinson-led Unite the Kingdom march in London, Sept. 13, 2025. (AP Photo/Joanna Chan) Tens of thousands set to rally in London for concurrent far-right, anti-Israel protests By AFP and ToI Staff A general view of New Scotland Yard, the headquarters of the London Metropolitan Police on Feb. 3, 2012 (AP Photo/Alastair Grant, File) ‘You’re going to get beheaded one by one, you dirty Jews,’ London man threatens By ToI Staff An aerial view of the Ein Hatzeva archaeological site south of the Dead Sea in an undated picture. A new study published in the journal Levant on April 27, 2026, suggests that the ancient fortress at the site was built by the biblical kingdom of Israel in the first half of the 8th century BCE and not by the Assyrian empire as previously thought. (Asaf Peretz/ Israel Antiquities Authority) How ancient seeds are rewriting the history of biblical-era trade with Arabia By Rossella Tercatin New radiocarbon dating of Ein Hatzeva fortress on ancient trade route in the Arava suggests it was built 2,800 years ago by the Kingdom of Israel, shoring up Bible’s account Former Hadash MK Yousef Jabareen is elected to lead the Arab-majority party in internal primaries, May 16, 2026. (Hadash) Former MK Yousef Jabareen elected leader of Arab-majority party Hadash By Ariela Karmel and ToI Staff Leadership shakeup comes as two MKs step down; Jabareen pushes to revive Joint List; sole woman wins fifth slot Screen capture from video of a large explosion near Beith Shemesh, May 17, 2026. (X) Late-night blast, fireball near Beit Shemesh rattles jittery residents By ToI Staff Defense firm later says large explosion was ‘pre-planned experiment,’ claims test was coordinated with authorities A health official uses a thermometer to screen people in front of Kibuli Muslim Hospital in Kampala, Uganda, May 16, 2026. (Hajarah Nalwadda/AP) WHO declares Ebola outbreak in Congo, Uganda a global health emergency By Disha Mishra and Akanksha Khushi UN health agency reports 80 suspected deaths, warns outbreak could spread to neighboring countries; there are no approved virus-specific therapeutics or vaccines for this strain Luke Tress Inside story Luke Tress On synagogues, playgrounds: In NY, swastika graffiti is increasingly common and rarely prosecuted Nazi symbols are mushrooming around New York, often targeting Jewish sites and including at least three sprees in recent months, following an increase last year, according to ADL data A swastika on the Upper West Side of Manhattan, May 13, 2026. (Luke Tress/Times of Israel) New York City Mayor Zohran Mamdani smiles during an address marking his first 100 days in office, in New York City, April 12, 2026. (AP Photo/Andres Kudacki) Mamdani posts Nakba Day video, saying the ‘catastrophe’ continues until today By Luke Tress Illustrative: Keshet high school students take their mathematics matriculation examination in Tel Aviv, June 29, 2020. (Avshalom Sassoni/Flash90) Report: Just 3% of Israeli ninth graders met science requirements in latest tests By ToI Staff Education minister claims results were leaked for ‘political’ reasons, without addressing why it withheld the science scores from the rest of the exam data published last month From L to R: Attorney General Gali Baharav-Miara, at the Knesset, in Jerusalem, September 30, 2025. (Oren Ben Hakoon/Flash90); Incoming Mossad head Maj. Gen. Roman Gofman arrives at the Knesset, in Jerusalem on February 5, 2026. (Yonatan Sindel/Flash90) Gofman accuses AG acting in bad faith in case against his appointment as Mossad head By ToI Staff and Jeremy Sharon Baharav-Miara raised concerns over meetings between Gofman and a senior Mossad official, appearing to believe it may have been intended to influence outcome of case against him Iraqi militia commander charged in US for plotting attacks on Jewish targets for Iran By Luke Tress and Agencies US prosecutors say Mohammad Al-Saadi, a Kataeb Hezbollah member and IRGC operative, coordinated close to 20 recent attacks in Western countries claimed by Harakat Ashab al-Yamin al-Islamiya This photo from a criminal complaint unsealed Friday, May 15, 2026, by the US District Court for the Southern District of New York, shows Mohammad Baqer Saad Dawood Al-Saadi, right, with Qassem Soleimani, then-commander of the Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps' Quds Force, featured on al-Saadi’s Snapchat account according to a federal criminal complaint. (US District Court for the Southern District of New York via AP) Exclusive Jacob Magid and Nurit Yohanan Backers of Abbas rival excluded from Fatah confab, despite Egypt’s push for inclusivity After PA president gave non-committal response to visiting Egyptian official, members of Dahlan-led faction left out of major gathering where elections held for party’s top panels Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas (2nd L) chairs the eighth Fatah conference in the West Bank city of Ramallah on May 14, 2026. (Jaafar ASHTIYEH / AFP) Nurit Yohanan Inside storyIgnoring ‘pay-for-slay’ reform, Ramallah court tells PA to reinstate money for prisoner By Nurit Yohanan Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas (2nd L) chairs the eighth Fatah conference in the West Bank city of Ramallah on May 14, 2026. (Jaafar ASHTIYEH / AFP) Fatah gathers for first election in decade, as PA’s Abbas pledges to continue reforms By AFP, Nurit Yohanan and Jacob Magid Rescuers work on the scene after a driver injured seven people in Modena, Italy, May 16, 2026. (Giorgia Bassoli / AFP) At least eight injured in car ramming in Italian city of Modena By Reuters Driver arrested after allegedly deliberately driving into pedestrians, stabbing a bystander who tried to stop him; authorities investigate motive, possible terrorism link The 1966 ode to Mickey Marcus 'Cast a Giant Shadow' is featured on this week's The Reel Schmooze. The Reel Schmooze podcast ‘Cast a Giant Shadow’: A 1966 ode to Israel’s first general, Mickey Marcus By Amanda Borschel-Dan and Jordan Hoffman The opinions of ToI’s movie maven and deputy editor diverge starkly on this old classic. Stay tuned to see who gave it a ‘meh’ and who thought it was ‘not bad’ The opening ceremony of the 20th Maccabiah Games in Jerusalem, July 6, 2017. (Yonatan Sindel/Flash90) In the shadow of another Iran war, Maccabiah Games in Israel set to go ahead in July By Zev Stub After last year’s international competition of 8,000 Jewish athletes from around was canceled, organizers cautiously hope the 2026 redo will meet expectations More Headlines Activists have set up a pro-Palestinian camp on Hamburg's Moorweide, which a German court permitted over the objections of the city and Jewish community, May 10, 2026. (Bernhard Sprengel/picture alliance via Getty Images via JTA) German court allows anti-Israel encampment in Hamburg park where Nazis deported Jews By Shira Li Bartov Then-UK Health Secretary Wes Streeting leaves 10 Downing Street after a cabinet meeting in London, Tuesday, 2026. (AP Photo/Kirsty Wigglesworth) UK’s ex-health minister Streeting says will run to replace PM Keir Starmer By Agencies The suspect in the shooting of two Israeli Embassy staffers at the Capital Jewish Museum, Elias Rodriguez, shouts 'Free Palestine' as he is arrested, May 21, 2025. (Screenshot: X; used in accordance with Clause 27a of the Copyright Law) Prosecutors seek death penalty for man charged with killing Israeli DC embassy staffers By AFP Forensic officers search the area after two Jewish men were stabbed in north London's Golders Green neighborhood on April 29, 2026.(AP Photo/Kin Cheung) Man who stabbed 2 Jews in Golders Green to stand trial next year, London court hears By ToI Staff and Reuters Cornell University President Michael Kotlikoff poses for a portrait in the A.D. White House on June 6, 2024. (Ryan Young / Cornell University via JTA) Cornell trustees back Jewish president after anti-Israel students mob his car By Andrew Lapin US President Donald Trump gestures to reporters as he walks across the South Lawn of the White House, May 15, 2026, in Washington (AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin) Trump says Islamic State’s second-in-command killed by US and Nigerian forces By AP Far-left streamer Hasan Piker speaks at a campaign rally for Abdul El-Sayed, a candidate in the Democratic primary for US Senate in Michigan, at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor on Tuesday, April 7, 2026. (AP Photo/Julia Demaree Nikhinson) Jewish groups call on UK to bar ‘dangerous’ Hasan Piker amid antisemitic attacks By ToI Staff Kehillat Israel congregants gather in the remodeled sanctuary, while it is still under construction, ahead of the ceremony on May 15, 2026. (Courtesy of Kehillat Israel) Congregation returns to Los Angeles synagogue that was damaged in 2025 wildfire By Grace Gilson US President Donald Trump prays at the first cabinet meeting of his second term at the White House, in Washington, DC, in February 26, 2025. (Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post via Getty Images/JTA) Trump’s ‘Shabbat 250’ call divides US Jews ahead of National Mall prayer rally By Jackie Hajdenberg Screenshot from an advertisement for US Jewish charity Kars4Kids. (YouTube screenshot/Kars4Kids) Judge bars Kars4Kids from advertising in California, saying it misled donors about Jewish mission By Grace Gilson Top Ops Simone Chiusa Simone Chiusa Iran tells its diaspora to die for the country Missions in 15 countries are recruiting nationals for a martyrdom campaign. Why aren’t host states seeing this for what it is? William Keenan William Keenan Israel lost the ‘propaganda war’ because of policies Netanyahu’s framing — that Israel is a virtuous actor being buried under lies — leaves no room for accountability Jacques Rothschild Jacques Rothschild Jerusalem: The city that redeemed the idea of a city In the Torah, cities reek of corruption, power, violence, and human arrogance. In sharp contrast, Israel’s holy city glorifies sanctity and responsibility Jessica Ghitis Jessica Ghitis I want Israel to be a guy from Oklahoma Wouldn’t it be nice if the Jewish state were ordinary, like that date who sent me decent music and never added any conflict to my life? Lara Itzhaki Lara Itzhaki Living the Jerusalem we once only prayed for To all the haters who want Israel to be temporary: We’re not going anywhere – and our daily routines prove it, for it’s ordinary life that makes this our home Yosef Blau Yosef Blau ‘Jewish terrorism’ isn’t Jewish Wielding power for violence is antithetical to Judaism, so why don’t religious Zionist leaders censure the Jews who attack their Arab neighbors? Eliezer Simcha Weiss Eliezer Simcha Weiss From the shadow of death to the light of Jerusalem The miracle I witnessed in the summer of 5727 (1967) was a breathtaking change – as though heaven itself had opened before our eyes Ariel Beery Ariel Beery Real Zionists recognize the Nakba And real pro-Palestinians reject the genocidal impulses within their movement and acknowledge Israeli fears of extermination Sherwin Pomerantz Sherwin Pomerantz Nicholas Kristof’s illogical, overreaching anti-Israel rant in the NYT   An accomplished reporter should know better than to rely on unreliable sources that convey bias instead of nuance Nitsan Alon Eran Shamir-Borer Nitsan Alon and Eran Shamir-Borer We were there. The Supreme Court did not tie the IDF’s hands on the Gaza border Two former senior IDF officers: Baseless claims that the Court restricted open-fire rules before the October 7 attacks are merely a pretext to dodge a state commission of inquiry Noam Raucher Noam Raucher The devil wears cleats Despite their TikTok attention spans, my adolescent sons were into the long-form drama about fashion, work, identity, and power – and I learned not to sell them short David Begoun David Begoun I love Jerusalem too much to pretend it holds only one story I celebrate the miracle of Jews’ return to this holy place, but we must acknowledge the others who are attached to it or risk losing the united city we cherish Latest Articles   • A police car is seen on its side after a riot to protest against the jailing of a Jewish seminary student who failed to comply with an army recruitment order, in Jerusalem on December 18, 2025. (Chaim Goldberg/Flash90)     32 minutes ago     TOI investigatesHaredi extremists brag openly of campaign to obstruct cops, but evade consequences   • 41 minutes ago     WHO declares Ebola outbreak in Congo, Uganda a global health emergency   • 1 hour ago     Late-night blast, fireball near Beit Shemesh rattles jittery residents   • 5 hours ago     Live updatesIDF says Hezbollah fired rockets, explosive drones at troops in south Lebanon; no injuries   • 5 hours ago     Report: Just 3% of Israeli ninth graders met science requirements in latest tests   • 6 hours ago     Israel’s Noam Bettan finishes second at Eurovision as Bulgaria takes the win   • 7 hours ago     Gofman accuses AG acting in bad faith in case against his appointment as Mossad head   • 9 hours ago     Israel probes several settler attacks, troop misconduct, as West Bank assaults continue   • 10 hours ago     At least eight injured in car ramming in Italian city of Modena   • 10 hours ago     IDF infantry platoon commander killed by Hezbollah drone in southern Lebanon   • 11 hours ago     London police arrest 31 amid massive anti-migrant protest, smaller anti-Israel march   • 13 hours ago     Former MK Yousef Jabareen elected leader of Arab-majority party Hadash   • 13 hours ago     UK’s ex-health minister Streeting says will run to replace PM Keir Starmer   • 17 hours ago     IDF confirms Hamas Gaza chief Izz al-Din al-Haddad killed in airstrike   • 17 hours ago     German court allows anti-Israel encampment in Hamburg park where Nazis deported Jews   • 18 hours ago     IDF launches strikes targeting Hezbollah for 1st time since Lebanon ceasefire extended   • 19 hours ago     As Iran talks stall, Israel and US prepping to renew war as soon as next week – report   • 19 hours ago     In the shadow of another Iran war, Maccabiah Games in Israel set to go ahead in July   • 19 hours ago     Man who stabbed 2 Jews in Golders Green to stand trial next year, London court hears   • 20 hours ago     Israel’s Noam Bettan prepares to take the stage at partly boycotted Eurovision final See All Latest Blogs   • Eugene Korn     Eugene Korn     Defiling the Land — And Us   • Eliezer Avraham     Eliezer Avraham     Rededicate 250: When America Awai...   • Kenneth Cohen     Kenneth Cohen     600,000   • David K. Rees     David K. Rees     In order to obtain a negotiated p...   • Peter Himmelman     Peter Himmelman     Almost Too Much Wonder   • Jose Lev Alvarez Gomez     Jose Lev Alvarez Gomez     Abbas Re-Elects Himself. Iran Wins.   • Shlomo Ezagui     Shlomo Ezagui     When Walls Become a Window: How L...   • Steve Wenick     Steve Wenick     Conspicuously Missing From the Me...   • Andy Blumenthal     Andy Blumenthal     Why I Came Back to Shul   • Sheldon Kirshner     Sheldon Kirshner     The Ineffective Truce In Lebanon ... See All  Today's Daily Briefing  ToI movie maven Jordan Hoffman reviews 1966's ‘Cast a Giant Shadow’ listen to the podcast idfwo logo  They still  need you Donate  Sponsored  Celebrate Israel's natural beauty Tote bags with Israel's native birds Join The Times of Israel Community today and get a tote bag with one of Israel's native birds Claim Your Bag A Tale of Two Sisters  &  The Times of Israel  A Tale of Two Sisters  Unexpected roommates during a war listen to the podcast A Tale of Two Sisters  Those We Have Lost  Civilians and soldiers who have fallen since Oct. 7 Read Here Full Coverage 2026 US-Israel war with Iran   • Screen capture from video of a large explosion near Beith Shemesh, May 17, 2026. (X)     Late-night blast, fireball near Beit Shemesh rattles jittery residents     By ToI Staff   • This photo released on May 12, 2026 shows US Marines with Maritime Raid Force rappelling out of an MH-60S Sea Hawk, assigned to Helicopter Sea Combat Squadron 25, during helicopter and roping sustainment training aboard the forward-deployed amphibious assault ship USS Tripoli at sea on May 8, 2026. (US Marine Corps photo)     As Iran talks stall, Israel and US prepping to renew war as soon as next week – report     By ToI Staff   • A smoke plume rises from a fire sparked by an Iranian drone attack at Dubai International Airport in Dubai on March 16, 2026. (AFP)     UAE rejects ‘attempts to justify Iranian terror’ after Tehran alleges role in war     By AFP and ToI Staff See All  podcasts  What Matters Now Identity/Crisis JPPI – The Jewish People’s Podcast Wondering Jews For Heaven's Sake Listen now Promoting Community CRM The Times of Israel Daily Edition Free to Your Inbox The email is either missing or invalid. By signing up, you agree to our terms You hereby accept The Times of Israel Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, and you agree to receive the latest news & offers from The Times of Israel and its partners or ad sponsors. Docunation Docu Nation Full Coverage Times of Israel podcasts   • The 1966 ode to Mickey Marcus 'Cast a Giant Shadow' is featured on this week's The Reel Schmooze.     ‘Cast a Giant Shadow’: A 1966 ode to Israel’s first general, Mickey Marcus     By Amanda Borschel-Dan and Jordan Hoffman   • Col. Dakar Eilat     Dakar Eilat: Inside prisons for Hamas terrorists     By Lazar Berman   • Daily Briefing May 15: Art on trial from Venice to Jerusalem     By Gabriella Jacobs and Jessica Steinberg See All Full Coverage 2023-2025 Israel-Hamas war   • Hamas Gaza chief Izz al-Din al-Haddad, then the commander of the terror group's Gaza City Brigade, is seen in a video released by Hamas’s military wing in May 2022 (social media)     IDF confirms Hamas Gaza chief Izz al-Din al-Haddad killed in airstrike     By Emanuel Fabian   • Palestinians react to a fire following an Israeli strike on a residential building in the Rimal neighborhood of Gaza City, Friday, May 15, 2026. (AP Photo/Jehad Alshrafi)     Israeli strike targets Hamas military leader Izz al-Din al-Haddad, ‘last architect of Oct. 7’     By Emanuel Fabian and Agencies   • A tent camp for displaced Palestinians stretches among the ruins of buildings destroyed during the Israel-Hamas war, in Gaza City, May 15, 2026. (AP Photo/Abdel Kareem Hana)     US mulls asking Israel to provide PA tax funds for Trump’s Gaza plan — sources     By Reuters, Jacob Magid and ToI Staff See All Full Coverage Liveblog   • IDF troops operate at the Litani River in southern Lebanon, in a handout photo published by the military on May 12, 2026. (Israel Defense Forces)     IDF says Hezbollah fired rockets, explosive drones at troops in south Lebanon; no injuries     By ToI Staff   • Noam Bettan from Israel performs the song 'Michelle' during the Grand Final of the 70th Eurovision Song Contest in Vienna, Austria, May 16, 2026. (AP Photo/Martin Meissner)     May 16: Herzog tells Eurovision runner-up Bettan he ‘brought honor’ to Israel with ‘perfect’ performance     By ToI Staff   • Hamas Gaza chief Izz al-Din Haddad, who was killed in an IDF strike in Gaza City on May 15, 2026. (Via social media)     May 15: After strike, Israeli official says Haddad was undermining Trump’s Gaza plan     By ToI Staff See All Those we have lost Stories of the civilians and soldiers who have fallen in the Israel-Hamas war   • Amit Cohen (Courtesy)     Those we have lost     Amit Cohen, 23: Was slated to start a new job the day after Supernova     By ToI Staff   • Eden Moshe (Courtesy)     Those we have lost     Eden Moshe, 27: Electrical engineering student and devoted soccer fan     By ToI Staff   • Sgt. Shay Levinson (Courtesy)     Those we have lost     Staff Sgt. Shay Levinson, 19: Volleyball player and ‘soldier of hope’     By ToI Staff   • Maj. Moti Shamir (IDF)     Those we have lost     Maj. Moti Shamir, 29: Officer never got to meet his baby daughter     By ToI Staff   • Sgt. Maj. (res.) Liran Mones Almosnino (Courtesy)     Those we have lost     Sgt. Maj. (res.) Liran Almosnino, 42: Shepherd and ‘man of nature’     By ToI Staff   • Staff Sgt. Alexander Masliy (IDF)     Those we have lost     Staff Sgt. Alexander Masliy, 21: Combat engineer ‘loved this country’     By ToI Staff   • Master Sgt. Ari Zenilman, 32, who fell in battle with Hamas on December 10, 2023, pictured with his three children less than a week before Hamas's October 7 massacre and subsequent start of the 2024 Israel-Hamas War. (Courtesy)     Those we have lost     Master Sgt. Ari Zenilman, 32: Dedicated father with a brilliant mind     By ToI Staff   • Staff Sgt. Avraham Nerya Cohen (Courtesy)     Those we have lost     Staff Sgt. Avraham Cohen, 20: Off-duty soldier helped plan Supernova     By ToI Staff   • Staff Sgt. Amit Most (IDF)     Those we have lost     Staff Sgt. Amit Most, 20: Nahal soldier dreamed of studying in London     By ToI Staff   • Steven Makarchenko (Courtesy)     Those we have lost     Steven Makarchenko, 25: Truck driver who loved camping and barbecuing     By ToI Staff   • Staff Sgt. Shimon Alroy Ben Shitrit who was killed in Nahal Oz on October 7, 2023. (IDF)     Those We Have Lost     Staff Sgt. Alroy Ben Shitrit, 20: A fighter with ‘a captivating smile’     By ToI Staff   • Noah and Mayana Hershkovitz (Courtesy)     Those we have lost     Mayana and Noah Hershkovitz, 65 & 68: Couple shared a love of art     By ToI Staff   • Yael Rozman (Courtesy)     Those we have lost     Yael Rozman, 26: Business student with ‘wit, wisdom and style’     By ToI Staff   • Command Sgt. Maj. Yehuda Kadar (Courtesy)     Those we have lost     Command Sgt. Maj. Yehuda Kadar, 50: Police officer with ‘warmest eyes’     By ToI Staff   • Staff Sgt. Yaad Ben Yaakov (IDF)     Those we have lost     Staff Sgt. Yaad Ben Yaakov, 20: Golani soldier with a beaming smile     By ToI Staff   • Matan Rosenberg (Courtesy)     Those We Have Lost     Matan Rosenberg, 17: High school music lover killed with his two uncles     By ToI Staff   • Efrat Katz, 68, was killed as Hamas terrorists kidnapped her from her home in Kibbutz Nir Oz on October 7. (Facebook)     Those We Have Lost     Efrat Katz, 68: Doting grandmother who loved the fields of Nir Oz     By ToI Staff   • Chana Kritzman (Courtesy)     Those We Have Lost     Chana Kritzman, 88: Book lover who established Be’eri’s library     By ToI Staff   • Orly and David Schvartzman (Facebook)     Those We Have Lost     Orly and David Schvartzman, both 67: Slain in home they loved     By ToI Staff   • Maj. Ido Shani (IDF)     Those we have lost     Maj. Ido Shani, 29: Newlywed commander who sprang into action     By ToI Staff Tales of the Times The quirky, improbable, infuriating and uplifting   • Interior view of the new National Library of Israel, 2023. (Iwan Baan/File)     Story time     Four authors named as finalists for Sami Rohr Prize     By Jessica Steinberg   • Two dolphins seen during an Israel Nature and Parks survey of marine mammals and birds, May 10, 2026. (Matan Benedict, Delphis)     Eye pod     Marine survey spots rare bird and thriving dolphins     By Sue Surkes   • At the opening night of the 25th Docaviv film festival in Tel Aviv, May 11, 2023 (Courtesy)     Popcorn time     DocAviv hosts 10 days of screenings throughout Tel Aviv     By Jessica Steinberg   • A Jewish couple is wed in a mass wedding ceremony in Kyiv, May 2026. (Courtesy of JCC Kiev)     Mazal tough     Amid Ukraine ceasefire, Jewish couples wed in joint ceremony in Kyiv     By Zev Stub   • Israel’s contestant in the Miss Universe pageant, Melanie Shiraz (on the right side of these frames), seen meeting Rama Duwaji, the wife of New York City Mayor Zohran Mamdani, by chance in a coffee shop in NYC, May 6, 2026. (Screenshots/Melanie Shiraz via Instagram)     Picture dis     Miss Israel says Mamdani’s wife shunned her at NYC café     By ToI Staff   • From 'A Plate of Hope and Color' exhibit for lone soldiers in Tel Aviv, through May 8, 2026 (Courtesy)     Plated hope     Artists paint dinner plates for lone soldier charity     By Jessica Steinberg   • Bahati, with one of her beloved tires. (Ramat Gan Safari)     Heavyweight heritage     Ramat Gan Safari bids farewell to Bahati, iconic 65-year-old elephant     By Sue Surkes   • This image provided by NAOJ shows artist’s impression of the trans-Neptunian object (612533) 2002 XV93 occulting a background star. (Ko Arimatsu/NAOJ via AP)     Small world     Atmosphere spotted on celestial body in far reaches of solar system     By Will Dunham   • A 16th-century prayer book based on the teachings of Rabbi Isaac Luria, on display for the first time at ANU, Museum of the Jewish People, for Lag B'Omer, beginning May 3, 2026 (Itzik Biran)     Good intentions     Rare mystical prayer book unveiled at ANU museum in Tel Aviv     By Jessica Steinberg   • A Lebanese TV cartoon portraying Hezbollah and its leader Naim Qassem (left) as characters from Angry Birds, in a clip aired May 1, 2026. (LBCI screenshot)     Cartoon wars     Hezbollah slams Lebanese TV for ‘Angry Birds’ clip mocking leader     By AFP   • Orangutan Soga cuddles newborn Cahaya at the Jerusalem Biblical Zoo. (Yaron Cassuto Magen)     Light arrives     First orangutan born at Jerusalem Biblical Zoo     By Sue Surkes   • The Gagon shelter in Jaffa, open for tours during Batim Mibifnim 2026, the annual Tel Aviv Open Houses event. (Courtesy)     Behind closed doors     Tel Aviv’s ‘Open Houses’ offers fresh peek at private and public spaces     By Jessica Steinberg   • Akiva Shrier wins second place at the International Bible Quiz on April 19 in Jerusalem, Israel. (Screenshot via JTA)     Strong showing     US teens place high in Israel’s annual Bible Quiz     By Grace Gilson   • Writer Bernard-Henri Lévy at the 2025 Jerusalem International Writers Festival (Courtesy)     Booking issues     Dara Horn, Joseph Finder among visiting authors at annual writer’s festival     By Jessica Steinberg   • Illustrative: Violinist Stefan Jackiw holds the 1714 Joachim-Ma Stradivarius at Sotheby's auction house in New York on Monday, Feb. 3, 2025. (AP Photo/Ted Shaffrey)     $10 million encore     300-year-old Nazi-looted Stradivarius said to reappear in France     By Isabelle Le Page and Damien Stroka   • Eyal Tzionov, a TikTok personality who dresses up as the Sephardic chief rabbi, sits in the audience of Israel's annual Independence Day torch-lighting on Mount Herzl, Jerusalem, on April 21, 2026. (Screenshot/YouTube)     Clerical error     TikToker dressed as chief rabbi stirs confusion at Independence event     By ToI Staff   • Ya'akobi wheat, named for Yakov Inon, an agronomist murdered by Hamas terrorists at Moshav Netiv Ha'asara on October 7, 2023. The drought-resistant wheat was developed at the Agriculture Ministry's R&D arm, the Volcani Institute. (Roi Ben David)     Southern resilience     New drought-resistant wheat variety named after October 7 victim     By Sue Surkes   • A Red Sea Picasso triggerfish approaches the live camera placed on a reef by Prof Maoz Fine. (Screen capture)     Deep dive     New site offers travel by armchair to Eilat’s magnificent coral reefs     By Sue Surkes   • From 'The Future to Come,' a new feature by award-winning director Ruthy Pribar, will premiere on June 8, 2026 at the Tribeca Festival in New York (Daniela Novitz)     Big screen welcome     Two Israeli films to premiere at Tribeca in June     By Jessica Steinberg   • From the song recorded by Yehudit Ravitz with lyrics by Aner Shapira, heroic soldier killed on October 7, 2023, and released April 17, 2026.(Courtesy)     Posthumous sound     Aner Shapira, hero of October 7, is heard in duet with Yehudit Ravitz     By Jessica Steinberg Scroll to view more Back to top The Times of Israel   • Israel & the Region   • Jewish Times   • Israel Inside   • Tech Israel   • Real Estate Israel   • The Blogs   • podcasts   • video   • terms and conditions   • privacy policy   • about us   • advertise with us   • Jobs at The Times of Israel   • contact us Community   • Join our community   • Sign in Get the Daily Edition Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Whatsapp Follow us on X Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Telegram Follow us on Threads Follow us on Bluesky  © 2026 The Times of Israel, all rights reserved  Concept, design & development by Developed by RGB Media logo Powered by Salamandra logo Never miss breaking news on Israel Get notifications to stay updated You're subscribed logo image Register for free and continue reading Registering allows you to manage your newsletters and alerts and helps us improve your experience. It takes just a few seconds. Already registered? Enter your email to sign in. Please use the following structure: example@domain.com Or Continue with google apple facebook By registering you agree to the terms and conditions. Once registered, you’ll receive our Daily Edition email for free. timesofisrael Register to continue Or Continue with google apple facebook timesofisrael Log in to continue Something went wrong. Please try again in a few minutes.. timesofisrael Sign in or Register Incorrect password. Please try again or choose an option below. I forgot my password / Send me a sign in link Or Continue with google apple facebook timesofisrael check your email Check your email We sent an email to you at . It has a link that will sign you in. Click the link in that email to complete your registration.  0
ent by Developed by RGB Media logo Powered by Salamandra logo Never miss breaking news on Israel Get notifications to stay updated You're subscribed logo image Register for free and continue reading Registering allows you to manage your newsletters and alerts and helps us improve your experience. It takes just a few seconds. Already registered? Enter your email to sign in. Please use the following structure: example@domain.com Or Continue with google apple facebook By registering you agree to the terms and conditions. Once registered, you’ll receive our Daily Edition email for free. timesofisrael Register to continue Or Continue with google apple facebook timesofisrael Log in to continue Something went wrong. Please try again in a few minutes.. timesofisrael Sign in or Register Incorrect password. Please try again or choose an option below. I forgot my password / Send me a sign in link Or Continue with google apple facebook timesofisrael check your email Check your email We sent an email to you at . It has a link that will sign you in. Click the link in that email to complete your registration.  0
__label__wiki 8000 Book Review: Eating Animals by Jonathan Safran Foer washingtonpost.com  > Arts & Living  > Books  Book Review: Eating Animals by Jonathan Safran Foer  eating animals   Enlarge Photo     TOOLBOX Resize Print E-mail Reprints By Joe Yonan Washington Post Staff Writer Sunday, November 22, 2009  EATING ANIMALS  By Jonathan Safran Foer  Little, Brown. 341 pp. $25.99  It's tempting to dismiss Jonathan Safran Foer's "Eating Animals" as the product of a cocky, self-involved writer who woke up one day and discovered factory farming. Haven't Michael Pollan, Eric Schlosser et al. been here before? More than 20 years after "60 Minutes" visited a chicken-processing plant, do we need another dive into the "fecal soup" that Diane Sawyer described?  Perhaps not. But Foer's particular brand of modernist prose, as made famous in his novels "Everything Is Illuminated" and "Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close," does serve to bring another round of scrutiny -- and a new demographic of reader -- to the kinds of farms that, as he puts it, "treat living animals like dead ones."  The catalyst for Foer's three years of research into what became his first nonfiction book was the impending birth of his son. When presented with the challenge of deciding the diet of his offspring, he wanted answers about meat: "Where does it come from? How is it produced? How are animals treated, and to what extent does that matter?" Foer casts himself as a philosopher-scientist-author-activist who is sensitive to the moral imperative of humans and to "the health of the largest ecosystems on our planet" and who sees industrial farming as a central problem.  From the outset, Foer's perspective seems as one-sided as PETA's; readers have little doubt that he has not only decided on vegetarianism, but wants to proselytize about it. That can make the book a tough read for someone like me, and I'm probably Foer's target audience: an animal lover who also happens to find carnivory deeply satisfying, perhaps even on a primal level. Reading it on my couch while eating pork tacos as my 90-pound Doberman rested his head in my lap, I wanted to drop the book when I got to Foer's Swiftian argument that what I really should've been eating was my dog. His point is to set up dogs as no more intelligent -- and therefore no more deserving of affection and protection -- than livestock. "Can the familiarity of the animals we have come to know as companions be a guide to us as we think about the animals we eat?" he writes.  "Eating Animals" suffers from Foer's sometimes-sanctimonious attitude and the same over-the-top writing that has always divided his readers into love-him or hate-him camps. In a chapter about food-borne illness and the connections between industrial farming and swine flu, he opines: "When we eat factory-farmed meat we live, literally, on tortured flesh. Increasingly, that tortured flesh is becoming our own." (I'd be surprised if "Tortured Flesh" weren't an early contender for the book's title.)  Foer devotes much energy to environmental impacts, dropping such statistics into the mix as the fact that animal agriculture makes a 40 percent greater contribution to global warming than all transportation in the world combined. In true modernist style, he also makes use of graphic devices between chapters, printing, for instance, a 67-square-inch rectangle to represent the actual size of the typical cage for egg-laying hens -- and about the same amount of space that most of those who are raised "cage-free" (but still pressed on all sides by thousands of other birds) get, too.  After he sneaks onto an industrial turkey farm with an animal activist known only as "C," Foer allows her to contribute a first-person essay. While she makes some extreme statements, such as "Why doesn't a horny person have as strong a claim to raping an animal as a hungry one does to killing and eating it?," she also has plenty of more reasonable arguments, such as "When we walk around thinking we have a greater right to eat an animal than the animal has a right to live without suffering, it's corrupting." Foer follows C's essay with one by a retired factory farmer, who writes, "High-yield farming has allowed everyone to eat." By allowing these and other voices into the debate, apparently unfiltered, Foer eases up on the diatribe and manages to facilitate something of a conversation.  Ultimately, Foer insists that his is not a call to vegetarianism as much as a call to acknowledge that meat matters. After he has described in brutal detail some of the horrors of industrial slaughterhouses, his visits to heroic farmers such as Frank Reese and Bill Niman demonstrate that the choice doesn't have to be between eating meat and not. So-called compassionate carnivores can choose to seek out meat from family farms that would sooner set their barns on fire than let an animal suffer, although Foer points out that such farms produce less than 1 percent of the animal meat in the country. None of this is simple. Even some of the book's good guys, such as Niman, allow branding, castration and removal of cattle's horn buds with hot irons. Moreover, as Foer was finishing his research, Niman was forced out of the company he founded, saying new owners were more concerned about profits than animal welfare; he publicly proclaimed that he would no longer eat Niman Ranch meat.  Nicolette Hahn Niman, Bill's wife and author of her own 2009 book about livestock farming, "Righteous Porkchop," wrote a recent op-ed piece in the New York Times that didn't directly refer to Foer but seemed tailor-made to answer him. In it, she took issue with "overly simplistic" assertions that meat production is inordinately responsible for global warming and said that small farms that pasture-graze their animals actually minimize greenhouse gases. In a follow-up on the Atlantic Food Channel, she asserted that the best way to make a difference is to support farms that humanely raise animals for food. What she doesn't say in either piece is that she abandoned the consumption, if not the raising, of meat many years ago. Like Foer, she is a vegetarian.  Joe Yonan is the Food and Travel editor of The Post.   © 2009 The Washington Post Company 0
__label__wiki 3299 Iran Chamber Society: Iranian Calendar Converter 382a Home|🔥War On Iran|Art & Culture|History|Iran's Guide|Society Iranian Calendar Converter   Iranian Calendar (Jalali Solar Calendar) The Iranian calendar (also known as Persian calendar, the Jalali Calendar, Hijri Shamsi Calendar) is a solar calendar currently used in Iran and Afghanistan. It is observation-based, rather than rule-based, beginning each year on the vernal equinox as precisely determined by astronomical observations from Tehran. Date: Weekday: To other Calendars   Christian Calendar (Gregorian Solar Calendar) The Gregorian calendar is the calendar that is used nearly everywhere in the world. A modification of the Julian calendar, it was first proposed by the Neapolitan doctor Aloysius Lilius, and was decreed by Pope Gregory XIII, for whom it was named, on 24 February 1582. Date: Weekday: To other Calendars   Islamic Calendar (Hijri Lunar Calendar) The Islamic calendar or Muslim calendar (also called "Hijri calendar") is the calendar used to date events in many predominantly Muslim countries, and used by Muslims everywhere to determine the proper day on which to celebrate Islamic holy days. It is a lunar calendar having 12 lunar months in a year of about 354 days. Because this lunar year is about 11 days shorter than the solar year, such as a year of the Jalali or Gregorian calendar. Date: Weekday: To other Calendars 122c  About usDisclaimer & Copyright Contact Back to Top   0
__label__wiki e72d Caeleb Dressel Joining Sporting Jax Aquatic Club To Train Under Steve Jungbluth   • SwimSwam   • Subscribe to Newsletter   • Advertise   • Email Us   • Submit a Story   • Submit a Job   • Submit a College Recruit   • SwimSwam Store  SwimSwam    • SwimSwam Facebook    • SwimSwam Youtube    • SwimSwam RSS Feed    • SwimSwam Pinterest    • SwimSwam Instagram    • SwimSwam X    • SwimSwam LinkedIn  Subscribe to SwimSwam Magazine Swim Swam   • News      In News      • Swimming World Cup Series     • International Swimming League     • International     • Europe     • Australia     • Britain     • Brazil, Latin America & Caribbean     • Canada     • Asia     • Open Water     • Diving     • Artistic Swimming     • Industry      US News      • High School     • Pro Swim Series     • US National     • Club     • Masters     • Weekly Age Group Wonders     • Arena Swim of the Week      SwimSwam Surge      • 2023 World Championships: Day 1 Finals Live Recap        2023 World Championships: Day 1 Finals Live Recap      • Taylor Ruck Will Not Continue Swimming NCAA, Is “Unsure” If She Will Stay At Stanford        Taylor Ruck Will Not Continue Swimming NCAA, Is “Unsure” If She Will Stay At Stanford      • 2023 World Championships: Day 1 Prelims Live Recap        2023 World Championships: Day 1 Prelims Live Recap      • 2023 World Championships: Day 4 Finals Live Recap        2023 World Championships: Day 4 Finals Live Recap    • Swim Data      SWIM DATA      • SwimmingStats – Data Articles     • Records     • Speedo World Swimming Rankings     • Swimulator     • SwimSwam Results Archive     • Where Gretchen Walsh’s 54.33 Ranks Among the Greatest World Records in Swimming History        Where Gretchen Walsh’s 54.33 Ranks Among the Greatest World Records in Swimming History      • Updated All-Time Team Title and Individual Title Rankings (NCAA Women’s D1 Swimming & Diving)        Updated All-Time Team Title and Individual Title Rankings (NCAA Women’s D1 Swimming & Diving)      • Pitt Women Record Best Finish in Women’s NCAA Swim & Dive History (FULL 48 TEAM SCORING MOVES)        Pitt Women Record Best Finish in Women’s NCAA Swim & Dive History (FULL 48 TEAM SCORING MOVES)      • Breaking Down the Splits on Luka Mijatovic’s History-Making 500 Free        Breaking Down the Splits on Luka Mijatovic’s History-Making 500 Free    • College      In College      • AAC     • ACC     • Big Ten     • Big 12     • Ivy League     • Pac-12     • SEC     • NCAA Division I Mid-Major     • NCAA Division II     • NCAA Division III     • College Recruiting     • 2026 Recruiting Database     • 2027 Recruiting Database     • Commonwealth Swimming’s Imara Rice Sends Verbal To Delaware For Fall 2027        Commonwealth Swimming’s Imara Rice Sends Verbal To Delaware For Fall 2027      • Six-Time South Carolina HS State Champion Peighton Johnson Verbals To New Mexico For Fall 2027        Six-Time South Carolina HS State Champion Peighton Johnson Verbals To New Mexico For Fall 2027      • Pennsylvania High School State Finalist Alyssa Auwarter Sends Verbal To Delaware For Fall 2027        Pennsylvania High School State Finalist Alyssa Auwarter Sends Verbal To Delaware For Fall 2027      • SMU Women’s Swimming And Diving Announces Hiring Of Lisa Ginder As New Assistant Coach        SMU Women’s Swimming And Diving Announces Hiring Of Lisa Ginder As New Assistant Coach      Swim Jobs   • Training      In Training      • At Home Swim Training     • Training Intel     • Swim Camps     • Olivier Leroy     • Swimming Workouts     • Progression Drills     • Drill of the Month     • Coach of the Month     • Learn to Swim     • FINIS Set of the Week     • Sports Science Crash Course     • Gear     • Daily Swim Coach Workout #1118        Daily Swim Coach Workout #1118      • A Powerful Way to Swim “Slow” To Sprint Faster        A Powerful Way to Swim “Slow” To Sprint Faster      • Commit Swimming Elevates Season Planning with Customizable and Dynamic Tools        Commit Swimming Elevates Season Planning with Customizable and Dynamic Tools      • Daily Swim Coach Workout #1117        Daily Swim Coach Workout #1117    • Video      In Video      • Practice + Pancakes     • Gold Medal Minute     • Video Interviews     • Hype Videos     • Race Videos     • Podcasts     • Race of the Week     Gold Medal Minute      Gold Medal Minute      • Podcast: Ryan Lochte Talks Coaching, Gregg Troy, And His Next Chapter In Swimming        Podcast: Ryan Lochte Talks Coaching, Gregg Troy, And His Next Chapter In Swimming      • SwimSwam Podcast: Chris Ballard on Ice Swimming, Cold Water, and The Plunge        SwimSwam Podcast: Chris Ballard on Ice Swimming, Cold Water, and The Plunge      • A3 Performance CEO Dan Meinholz on His TED Talk, Authenticity, and a Life in Swimming        A3 Performance CEO Dan Meinholz on His TED Talk, Authenticity, and a Life in Swimming      • Coach Brian Schrader Does Not Support CSCAA Changes To NCAA DI Swimming and Diving Championships        Coach Brian Schrader Does Not Support CSCAA Changes To NCAA DI Swimming and Diving Championships    • Lifestyle      In Lifestyle      • Photo Fishbowl     • Swim Mom     • Team of the Month     • Hungry Swimmer     • Speedo Pool Together     • SwimSwam Pulse: 69.5% Think Gretchen Walsh Lowers Sjostrom’s 50 Fly World Record This Year        SwimSwam Pulse: 69.5% Think Gretchen Walsh Lowers Sjostrom’s 50 Fly World Record This Year      • How to Get The 2026 SwimSwam Summer Preview Magazine With The Jack Alexy Cover        How to Get The 2026 SwimSwam Summer Preview Magazine With The Jack Alexy Cover      • The Pool        The Pool      • Patrick Sammon, Hubert Kos, and Ilya Kharun Looking To Grow Swimming With A New Audience: Twitch        Patrick Sammon, Hubert Kos, and Ilya Kharun Looking To Grow Swimming With A New Audience: Twitch      SwimSwam Magazine   • WATER POLO      In International/National Team      • United States Wins Women’s Water Polo Division I Tournament        United States Wins Women’s Water Polo Division I Tournament      • Finals Tickets For Swimming at Los Angeles 2028 Games Range From $186-$1,860 Each        Finals Tickets For Swimming at Los Angeles 2028 Games Range From $186-$1,860 Each      • U.S. Men’s Roster Announced For 2026 World Aquatics World Cup Division 1 Tournament        U.S. Men’s Roster Announced For 2026 World Aquatics World Cup Division 1 Tournament      • World Aquatics Launches New 4×4 Water Polo Format, Debuts With Open Championships this September        World Aquatics Launches New 4×4 Water Polo Format, Debuts With Open Championships this September      In NCAA/College      • Cal Women’s Water Polo Adds Spanish Utility Player Julia Frigola Navarro        Cal Women’s Water Polo Adds Spanish Utility Player Julia Frigola Navarro      • Southern California Defeats Cal For 2026 Women’s Water Polo NCAA Title        Southern California Defeats Cal For 2026 Women’s Water Polo NCAA Title      • USC Women’s Water Polo Wins Program’s Eighth NCAA Championship Title        USC Women’s Water Polo Wins Program’s Eighth NCAA Championship Title      • Cal Women’s Water Polo Tallies 15-10 Win Over Hawai’i, Advances To NCAA Semis        Cal Women’s Water Polo Tallies 15-10 Win Over Hawai’i, Advances To NCAA Semis    • More     • Non College     • SwimSwam Surge     • Speedo Rankings     • Records     • Swimmer Bios     • Meet Listing     • Swim Jobs     • Post a Job     • Speedo Time Converter     • Medley Relay Calculator     • Swimulator     • Swimnex™     • SwimSwam Results Archive     • Swimming 101     • Water Polo     • SwimSwam Français     • SwimSwam Español     • SwimSwam Deutsch     • SwimSwam Hindi     • SwimSwam Italia     • SwimSwam Magazine     • Magazine Digital Access     • Submit a Story     • Submit a Press Release     • Contact SwimSwam  Caeleb Dressel Joining Sporting Jax Aquatic Club To Train Under Steve Jungbluth  Comments: 149 Caeleb Dressel Joining Sporting Jax Aquatic Club To Train Under Steve Jungbluth  The nine-time Olympic gold medalist is realigning with coach Steve Jungbluth, who he previously worked with at the University of Florida. Archive photo via Jack Spitser/Spitser Photography  More News  Andy Dobrzanski Swims 1:00.49 in the 100 Breast On Day 2 of Sun Devil Open  Andy Dobrzanski Swims 1:00.49 in the 100 Breast On Day 2 of Sun Devil Open  Andy Dobrzanski, who recently finished his collegiate career at ASU, won the men’s 100 breaststroke on night two, swimming 1:00.49.  Delegación argentina confirmada en natación de los Juegos Sudamericanos Santa Fe 2026  Delegación argentina confirmada en natación de los Juegos Sudamericanos Santa Fe 2026  En septiembre, las pruebas se disputarán en el nuevo Centro Acuático Provincial en la ciudad de Rosario. Todos los detalles.  Justin Shi Wins 200 Free In 1:52.78 On Night 2 Of Richmond Sectionals  Justin Shi Wins 200 Free In 1:52.78 On Night 2 Of Richmond Sectionals  The 16 year old Shi has dropped seven seconds in the 200 free over the last year. He also was 2nd in the 400 IM on Friday night.  2026 CIF State Championships: Finals Live Recap  2026 CIF State Championships: Finals Live Recap  Northwood senior USC commit Andrew Maksymowski is the top seed in the 200 freestyle and 500 freestyle events for today’s finals session.  Enhanced Games Announces Swimming Events and Prize Money Format; Every Competitor Earns Money  Enhanced Games Announces Swimming Events and Prize Money Format; Every Competitor Earns Money  The Enhanced Games has officially announced the event line-ups and prize money format for the competition in Vegas next week.  James Sutherland by James Sutherland 149  October 02nd, 2025 National, News    • Share Caeleb Dressel Joining Sporting Jax Aquatic Club To Train Under Steve Jungbluth on Facebook   • Tweet Caeleb Dressel Joining Sporting Jax Aquatic Club To Train Under Steve Jungbluth   • Submit Caeleb Dressel Joining Sporting Jax Aquatic Club To Train Under Steve Jungbluth to Reddit   • Share Caeleb Dressel Joining Sporting Jax Aquatic Club To Train Under Steve Jungbluth on Pinterest   • Share Caeleb Dressel Joining Sporting Jax Aquatic Club To Train Under Steve Jungbluth on LinkedIn  Caeleb Dressel is changing training bases after all.  The nine-time Olympic gold medalist is joining Sporting Jax Aquatic Club, based out of Jacksonville, and realigning with the team’s head coach, Steve Jungbluth, who he previously worked with at the University of Florida.  Dressel’s move, which the club recently announced to Sporting Jax Aquatic Club families, comes after there was speculation of a potential move when he was seen training at Aquatic Sports Performance in California last week. He then put up a cryptic Instagram post acknowledging his time as a Florida Gator, fuelling more speculation that he was moving on from his longtime training base in Gainesville.     View this post on Instagram     A post shared by Caeleb Dressel (@caelebdressel)  However, in an Instagram Story earlier this week, he said he was “not moving or retiring.”  Jungbluth was hired at the University of Florida in 2010 and worked there for a dozen years before the two parted ways in October 2022.  During that stint, Dressel joined the Gators as a freshman during the 2014-15 NCAA season and went on to have a historic collegiate career while working with Jungbluth, who was Florida’s sprint coach during his first eight years with the program (through 2018).  After winning the NCAA title in the men’s 50 freestyle as a freshman in 2015, Dressel won the 50 and 100 free as a sophomore, and then swept the 50 free, 100 free and 100 fly in back-to-back seasons in 2017 and 2018. His historic senior year in 2018 included setting new NCAA, American and U.S. Open Records in the 50 free (17.63), 100 free (39.90) and 100 fly (42.80), with the 50 and 100 fly swims still standing as the fastest in history (and the 100 free is still the American Record).  After Dressel’s collegiate career concluded, University of Florida head coach Gregg Troy retired from college coaching and shifted into working as a High Performance Coach at Gator Swim Club, working with Dressel and other pros in the lead-up to the Tokyo Olympics.  Dressel, who won two Olympic relay gold medals in 2016 and followed up with seven world titles in 2017, had a dominant run working under Troy in his first few years out of college, winning six gold and two silver medals at the 2019 World Championships in Gwangju and then claiming six gold medals at the Tokyo Olympic Games in 2021.  A few months after that Olympic success, in November 2021, Dressel announced he was moving on from Troy and returning to the University of Florida to train under Anthony Nesty, who took over as Gator head coach when Troy retired.  In 2022, Dressel won World Championship gold medals in the men’s 50 fly and 4×100 free relay before leaving the competition early for what he later revealed to be mental health reasons.  Dressel then took a lengthy break away from the pool, resurfacing in May 2023 at the Atlanta Classic, and then he competed at the U.S. National Championships later that summer by missed out on making the World Championship team.  In 2024, Dressel successfully made his third straight U.S. Olympic team, winning the men’s 50 free (21.41) and 100 fly (50.19) at the 2024 Olympic Trials while also bagging a spot on the 4×100 free relay after taking 3rd in the 100 free (47.53), with all of those swims marking his fastest since 2022.  At the Paris Olympics, Dressel placed 6th in the 50 free and 13th in the 100 fly individually, but added to his Olympic medal haul with a pair of golds in the men’s 4×100 free and the mixed 4×100 medley, along with a silver in the men’s 4×100 medley.  He’s only raced a handful of times since those Games, opting not to vie for a spot on the 2025 U.S. World Championship team and forgoing U.S. Nationals in early June. He did, however, race at the U.S. Summer Championships in early August, placing 2nd in the 50 fly (23.28) and 3rd in the 50 free (21.94). His swim in the 50 fly narrowly missed out on earning him a spot on the 2026 Pan Pacific Championship roster.  Now, the 29-year-old heads to Sporting Jax Aquatic Club, where Jungbluth is the Director of Competitive Swimming. The club has four locations in the Jacksonville area. Jacksonville is about a 75-minute drive away from Gainesville.  « Gretchen Walsh, Leon Marchand Among Entrants For Opening Leg of 2025 World Cup In Carmel 48.6/1:49.6 Butterfly Specialist Jack Tarte Announces Commitment To William & Mary »  In This Story    • Caeleb Dressel     Caeleb Dressel  149 Leave a Reply  Subscribe Notify of  149 Comments newest oldest most voted Inline Feedbacks View all comments NoFastTwitch 7 months ago  Blah, blah, blah  2 -5 Reply Aquajosh 7 months ago  He has a gym with all the weights at his farm in Micanopy and he already has the base built, so all he really needs is a few days a week of water time, and he doesn’t even have to go all the way into Jax. He can take the 301 to the 228 and Steve can meet him at the Cecil Aquatics Center from Micanopy in an hour without ever really getting into town. Some commutes just across Jacksonville (the largest city in land area in the lower 48 states) take longer than that.  This pretty much cements the move into the 50s.  7 0 Reply Mcevoysmate Reply to  Aquajosh 7 months ago  Dressel not Cecil  0 -1 Reply The world at his feet 7 months ago  “I look at other animals on videos; penguins, and seals, and sharks, and whatnot. It’s almost as if [Dressel] is starting to push and escape the limitations that we have as humans in the water.” -Jungbluth, 2018  Personally, I’m stoked for them to run it back.  18 0 Reply Braden Keith Admin Reply to  The world at his feet 7 months ago  What I think will be really interesting will be running it back fully outside of the bounds of the traditional high volume environment.  15 0 Reply Frank 7 months ago  Way too much reading into this. Dressel’s just announcing he’s getting braces again because he forgot to wear his retainer.  10 -1 Reply ElvisVB Reply to  Frank 7 months ago  he has veneers now so no need  1 -1 Reply SWIM COACH 7 months ago  Why does anyone give 2 $hit$ where he trains?  Caleb is a grown man, professional athlete, champion. Let him do his thing and enjoy the ride. Some commenters are just a$$hole$.  33 -12 Reply JimSwim22 Reply to  SWIM COACH 7 months ago  Did anyone need to care where Russell Wilson is QB? No, but the sporting public does  5 -7 Reply NoFastTwitch Reply to  JimSwim22 7 months ago  Do they? Maybe somewhere on the list between who’s QB of the Toronto Argonauts and where’s Waldo  0 -3 Reply This Guy Reply to  SWIM COACH 7 months ago  To be fair, he brought this on himself in this instance  8 0 Reply jmslim 7 months ago  Everyone’s freaking out: ‘How’s Dressel gonna handle that commute?!’ Come on. He’s that kind of athlete – coaches go to him. Do you really think he’s going to drive 2 hours (4 round-trip) and sacrifice prime family time – the thing he cares about most? Odds are, there’s water between Point A and Point B.  6 -6 Reply Mr.Mister Reply to  jmslim 7 months ago  All the waters between point A and B have alligators in it (the animal, not UF swimmers). I am sure they have that figured out.  12 0 Reply samulih 7 months ago  and they say there is cancel culture in USA, just like coach can whitewash himself with few years in the lower levels  6 -1 Reply BOBFROMTHEISLAND 7 months ago  Reading the comments and wow. Dressel really went from being everyone’s favorite to the most hated.  He said it a long time ago, being miserable made him great.The constant chase for perfection despite achieving such great things in the pool.  He never had the balance between pool and life outside, maybe he can finally be really fast and happy at the same time with this move. Time will tell.  37 -2 Reply This Guy Reply to  BOBFROMTHEISLAND 7 months ago  I don’t take the comments as actual hate, it’s just a lot of frustration due to Dressel just never being honest. Fans don’t expect perfection but do look for openness from their hero’s. Look back on any pro athlete in other sports who handled themselves in a similar manner, they typically burn their fans patience because fans want accessibility. It’s just a human characteristic of wanting to relate to another human that they admire.  26 -3 Reply Swimmingly Dory Reply to  This Guy 7 months ago  Yeah.  I don’t get it why he can’t just be straight talking instead of creating unnecessary drama.  He should learn from swimmers like Regan Smith, Kaylee McKeown, Kyle Chalmers.  Last edited 7 months ago by Swimmingly Dory 12 -10 Reply Troyy Reply to  Swimmingly Dory 7 months ago  I always thought Chalmers is a bit of a drama queen 😅  14 -7 Reply This Guy Reply to  Troyy 7 months ago  Oh absolutely!  3 -1 Reply JJjjjjjjj Reply to  Swimmingly Dory 7 months ago  Cause he is a few years out of being Joe Exotic  0 0 Reply  About James Sutherland  James Sutherland  James swam five years at Laurentian University in Sudbury, Ontario, specializing in the 200 free, back and IM. He finished up his collegiate swimming career in 2018, graduating with a bachelor's degree in economics. In 2019 he completed his graduate degree in sports journalism. Prior to going to Laurentian, James swam …  Read More »  More from James Sutherland See All    • Spectrum Aquatics Weekly Wonders of Age Group Swimming: 5/16/2026   • SwimSwam Pulse: 69.5% Think Gretchen Walsh Lowers Sjostrom’s 50 Fly World Record This Year   • 40-Year-Old Nadine Loof Shatters Masters SCM 50 Free WR In 24.61 Following McEvoy Training Program   • arena Swim of the Week: Samuel Yalimaiwai Breaks Fijian, Oceanian Championship 50 Breast Records   • Keller ISD Natatorium Closes Indefinitely Due To Maintenance Issues  Don't want to miss anything?  Subscribe to our newsletter and receive our latest updates!  Want to take your swimfandom to the next level?  Subscribe to SwimSwam Magazine!  Subscribe  Contributors    • Coleman Hodges   • Giusy Cisale   • Riley Overend   • Olivier Poirier-Leroy   • Rich Roll   • Jack Spitser   • James Sutherland   • Aglaia Pezzato   • Nicole Miller   • Annika Johnson   • Dean Ottati   • Yanyan Li   • Tim Binning       • Spencer Penland   • Anne Lepesant   • Retta Race   • Robert Gibbs   • Sanuj Srivastava   • Rafael Domeyko   • Jared Anderson   • Mike Lewis  Founders    • Braden Keith   • Tiffany Stewart   • Gold Medal Mel Stewart   • Garrett McCaffrey  Contact Us    • Advertise   • Email Us   • Submit a Story   • Submit a Job   • Submit a College Recruit SwimOutlet Anti Bratter  © 2026 Swim Swam Partners, LLC. All rights reserved.  FTC Disclaimer | Terms of Use & Privacy Policy |  wpDiscuz 0
ports journalism. Prior to going to Laurentian, James swam …  Read More »  More from James Sutherland See All    • Spectrum Aquatics Weekly Wonders of Age Group Swimming: 5/16/2026   • SwimSwam Pulse: 69.5% Think Gretchen Walsh Lowers Sjostrom’s 50 Fly World Record This Year   • 40-Year-Old Nadine Loof Shatters Masters SCM 50 Free WR In 24.61 Following McEvoy Training Program   • arena Swim of the Week: Samuel Yalimaiwai Breaks Fijian, Oceanian Championship 50 Breast Records   • Keller ISD Natatorium Closes Indefinitely Due To Maintenance Issues  Don't want to miss anything?  Subscribe to our newsletter and receive our latest updates!  Want to take your swimfandom to the next level?  Subscribe to SwimSwam Magazine!  Subscribe  Contributors    • Coleman Hodges   • Giusy Cisale   • Riley Overend   • Olivier Poirier-Leroy   • Rich Roll   • Jack Spitser   • James Sutherland   • Aglaia Pezzato   • Nicole Miller   • Annika Johnson   • Dean Ottati   • Yanyan Li   • Tim Binning       • Spencer Penland   • Anne Lepesant   • Retta Race   • Robert Gibbs   • Sanuj Srivastava   • Rafael Domeyko   • Jared Anderson   • Mike Lewis  Founders    • Braden Keith   • Tiffany Stewart   • Gold Medal Mel Stewart   • Garrett McCaffrey  Contact Us    • Advertise   • Email Us   • Submit a Story   • Submit a Job   • Submit a College Recruit SwimOutlet Anti Bratter  © 2026 Swim Swam Partners, LLC. All rights reserved.  FTC Disclaimer | Terms of Use & Privacy Policy |  wpDiscuz 0
__label__wiki 155a Attention Required! | Cloudflare Please enable cookies.  Sorry, you have been blocked  You are unable to access cpaontario.ca  Why have I been blocked?  This website is using a security service to protect itself from online attacks. The action you just performed triggered the security solution. There are several actions that could trigger this block including submitting a certain word or phrase, a SQL command or malformed data.  What can I do to resolve this?  You can email the site owner to let them know you were blocked. Please include what you were doing when this page came up and the Cloudflare Ray ID found at the bottom of this page.  Cloudflare Ray ID: 9fd093394fe7d8c0 • Your IP: 20.45.39.144 • Performance & security by Cloudflare  0
__label__wiki Skip to content Watch Live British Broadcasting Corporation   • Home   • News   • Sport   • Business   • Technology   • Health   • Culture   • Arts   • Travel   • Earth   • Audio   • Video   • Live   • Documentaries Watch Live  Pollok Park memorial to remember lives lost to Covid  27 May 2022 Scotland's Covid memorial installed in Pollok Park  A memorial paying tribute to those who have lost their lives to Covid-19 has been unveiled at a Glasgow park.  I remember: Scotland's Covid Memorial was designed by artist and poet Alec Finlay and is a series of tree supports throughout Pollok Park which naturally form a walk.  The £250,000 memorial was created following a campaign by The Herald.  It received £40,000 from the Scottish government as well as donations from businesses, groups and individuals.  A total of 15 structures, which also recognise all those affected by the pandemic, were unveiled on Friday but there are expected to be 40 throughout the park by next March.  Alec Finlay Artist Alec Finlay says there will be 40 supports in the park by next March  Mr Finlay told BBC Scotland: "When I was commissioned to make the memorial the first thing that came into my mind was a word - support. I felt that during those early months of the pandemic there had been a very profound moment in society where people had offered one another support in a way that had maybe been hidden for a long time.  "I took that idea of the support and I thought about tree supports. We took photographs of bereaved families, or people with long Covid, in a pose of support with a tree. And they became the artworks. So rather than making the memorial myself I really made it with people who had been affected by the pandemic."  Mr Finlay, who himself has long Covid, said that by the Day of Remembrance next March there would be 40 structures.  "We deliberately chose to make the whole park the memorial rather than a small garden," he said.  Gordon Terris/Herald and Times Tree supportGordon Terris/Herald and Times The memorial is made up of a number of tree supports Gordon Terris/Herald and Times Families at ceremonyGordon Terris/Herald and Times A number of people who lost loved ones to Covid attended the ceremony in Pollok Park  Carolyn Murdoch, a member of the Covid-19 support group whose 104-year-old father died in April 2020, said: "It's somewhere to focus and meet other people as well. We've made good friends who understand what we've been through.  "Obviously what happened when you lost someone at that time, with funerals etc, it was very surreal. This is somewhere we can now go together and walk through - it's nice.  "My dad would probably say 'oh for goodness sake, all this fuss' but he would love it because he did love to be in the limelight.  "I've been here a few times. You know it's special to you."  Carolyn Murdoch Carolyn Murdoch said she had made friends who understood what she had been through  Connie McCready's 51-year-old fiancé died in May 2020 after 35 days in hospital. He was put on a ventilator the day after arriving in hospital.  Speaking about the memorial, she said: "This isn't just for families with Covid. This is for everyone that's been affected throughout the pandemic. It's somewhere for people to come and find solace."  An audio book of people's memories has also been created, read by Scottish actor Robert Carlyle.  Deputy First Minister John Swinney attended the unveiling on behalf of First Minister Nicola Sturgeon who currently has Covid.  Mr Swinney said: "The wooden structures Alec has created are there to epitomise solidarity and support.  "But the fact that that solidarity and support has been established here in the beautiful tranquillity of Pollok Park is another essential part of our remembrance about Covid. Because our parks, our green spaces, our natural environment, became so precious to all of us during Covid.  "They gave us a place in which we could breathe fresh air and a place where we could be at peace. I hope this memorial becomes a place of peace where individuals can try to come to terms with their loss in the most beautiful and tranquil surroundings."  Scotland sees slight increase in Covid cases  Nicola Sturgeon tests positive for Covid-19  Covid in Scotland: The latest cases  Self-isolation replaced by stay at home message  One in four Covid patients in ICU because of virus  How well have Scotland and the UK coped with Covid?  Covid pressure on hospitals 'as serious as it gets'  Glasgow Coronavirus Related  Riot police deal with 'serious disorder' as Celtic fans celebrate Premiership title win  Swatch shuts stores after crowds queue for new watch  Police criticise Celtic over failure to plan title party for fans  More from the BBC 22 Apr 2026 A head and shoulder shot of a man standing outside with a building and the back of a red and yellow fire engine behind him. He has a bald head and facial hair and is looking into the camera. He's wearing a grey suit over a white shirt, and is wearing a grey tie.  Officials defend resilience amid shortage fears  It follows questions from a military strategist and a scrutiny panel over the island's preparedness.  22 Apr 2026 20 Apr 2026 Kam Miller and Neil Miller. Neil is wearing a shirt and tie and has short hair. While Kam is wearing jewellery and has long brown hair.  Widow welcomes Covid-19 vaccine compensation report  Neil Miller died after having a "rare reaction" to the Covid-19 vaccine in 2021.  20 Apr 2026 19 Apr 2026 An aerial view of Victoria Avenue - a view of homes and streets along Jersey’s coastline, with a curved beach and coastal road beside the sea.  More emergency exercises called for by committee  A committee says the government needs to do more emergency exercises to ensure the island is safe.  19 Apr 2026 16 Apr 2026 A nurse draws up a dose of vaccine into a syringe  Rollout of Covid vaccines extraordinary feat - inquiry report  Covid vaccines saved hundreds of thousands of lives, but a small minority harmed need better support, says report.  16 Apr 2026 16 Apr 2026 A NHS vaccinator draws the Pfizer COVID-19 second booster jab (fourth dose) to be administered to a woman, at a vaccination centre in London. Older adults have been invited for a fourth Covid-19 dose as part of the spring Covid-19 booster campaign in 2022  Vaccines a huge success, but public trust must be earned - key findings from Covid report  Immunisation saved hundreds of thousands of UK lives, but vaccine hesitancy remains an issue.  16 Apr 2026 British Broadcasting Corporation   • Home   • News   • Sport   • Business   • Technology   • Health   • Culture   • Arts   • Travel   • Earth   • Audio   • Video   • Live   • Documentaries   • Weather   • BBC Shop   • BritBox  The BBC is in multiple languages  Read the BBC In your own language  Oduu Afaan Oromootiin Amharic ዜና በአማርኛ Arabic عربي Azeri AZƏRBAYCAN Bangla বাংলা Burmese မြန်မာ Chinese 中文网 Dari دری French AFRIQUE Hausa HAUSA Hindi हिन्दी Gaelic NAIDHEACHDAN Gujarati ગુજરાતીમાં સમાચાર Igbo AKỤKỌ N’IGBO Indonesian INDONESIA Japanese 日本語 Kinyarwanda GAHUZA Kirundi KIRUNDI Korean 한국어 Kyrgyz Кыргыз Marathi मराठी Nepali नेपाली Noticias para hispanoparlantes Pashto پښتو Persian فارسی Pidgin Polish PO POLSKU Portuguese BRASIL Punjabi ਪੰਜਾਬੀ ਖ਼ਬਰਾਂ Russian НА РУССКОМ Serbian NA SRPSKOM Sinhala සිංහල Somali SOMALI Swahili HABARI KWA KISWAHILI Tamil தமிழில் செய்திகள் Telugu తెలుగు వార్తలు Thai ข่าวภาษาไทย Tigrinya ዜና ብትግርኛ Turkish TÜRKÇE Ukrainian УКРАЇНСЬКA Urdu اردو Uzbek O'ZBEK Vietnamese TIẾNG VIỆT Welsh NEWYDDION Yoruba ÌRÒYÌN NÍ YORÙBÁ Follow BBC on:   • Terms of Use   • Subscription Terms   • About the BBC   • Privacy Policy   • Cookies   • Accessibility Help   • Contact the BBC   • Advertise with us   • Do not share or sell my info   • BBC.com Help & FAQs   • Content Index   • Set Preferred Source  Copyright 2026 BBC. All rights reserved. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.   
ose of vaccine into a syringe  Rollout of Covid vaccines extraordinary feat - inquiry report  Covid vaccines saved hundreds of thousands of lives, but a small minority harmed need better support, says report.  16 Apr 2026 16 Apr 2026 A NHS vaccinator draws the Pfizer COVID-19 second booster jab (fourth dose) to be administered to a woman, at a vaccination centre in London. Older adults have been invited for a fourth Covid-19 dose as part of the spring Covid-19 booster campaign in 2022  Vaccines a huge success, but public trust must be earned - key findings from Covid report  Immunisation saved hundreds of thousands of UK lives, but vaccine hesitancy remains an issue.  16 Apr 2026 British Broadcasting Corporation   • Home   • News   • Sport   • Business   • Technology   • Health   • Culture   • Arts   • Travel   • Earth   • Audio   • Video   • Live   • Documentaries   • Weather   • BBC Shop   • BritBox  The BBC is in multiple languages  Read the BBC In your own language  Oduu Afaan Oromootiin Amharic ዜና በአማርኛ Arabic عربي Azeri AZƏRBAYCAN Bangla বাংলা Burmese မြန်မာ Chinese 中文网 Dari دری French AFRIQUE Hausa HAUSA Hindi हिन्दी Gaelic NAIDHEACHDAN Gujarati ગુજરાતીમાં સમાચાર Igbo AKỤKỌ N’IGBO Indonesian INDONESIA Japanese 日本語 Kinyarwanda GAHUZA Kirundi KIRUNDI Korean 한국어 Kyrgyz Кыргыз Marathi मराठी Nepali नेपाली Noticias para hispanoparlantes Pashto پښتو Persian فارسی Pidgin Polish PO POLSKU Portuguese BRASIL Punjabi ਪੰਜਾਬੀ ਖ਼ਬਰਾਂ Russian НА РУССКОМ Serbian NA SRPSKOM Sinhala සිංහල Somali SOMALI Swahili HABARI KWA KISWAHILI Tamil தமிழில் செய்திகள் Telugu తెలుగు వార్తలు Thai ข่าวภาษาไทย Tigrinya ዜና ብትግርኛ Turkish TÜRKÇE Ukrainian УКРАЇНСЬКA Urdu اردو Uzbek O'ZBEK Vietnamese TIẾNG VIỆT Welsh NEWYDDION Yoruba ÌRÒYÌN NÍ YORÙBÁ Follow BBC on:   • Terms of Use   • Subscription Terms   • About the BBC   • Privacy Policy   • Cookies   • Accessibility Help   • Contact the BBC   • Advertise with us   • Do not share or sell my info   • BBC.com Help & FAQs   • Content Index   • Set Preferred Source  Copyright 2026 BBC. All rights reserved. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.   
__label__wiki 000095D3 Error 404 - The official website for European football | UEFA.com UEFA.COM UEFA.com works better on other browsers For the best possible experience, we recommend using Chrome, Firefox or Microsoft Edge. Skip to main content Home  Sorry!  That page doesn't exist... Please head back to the UEFA.com homepage.    • About   • National associations   • Running competitions   • Development   • Sustainability   • News & media  Explore    • UEFA.tv   • Match calendar   • Rankings   • Tickets/Hospitality   • UEFA National Team Football store   • UEFA Men’s Club Competitions store   • UEFA Men's Club Competitions Memorabilia  More    • MyUEFA   • UC3 Change language English Français Deutsch Русский Español Italiano Português  Social and apps links  Follow us on  Services links and disclaimer    • Terms and conditions   • Privacy Policies   • Cookie policy   • Privacy settings  © 1998-2026 UEFA. All rights reserved  The UEFA word, the UEFA logo and all marks related to UEFA competitions, are protected by trademarks and/or copyright of UEFA. No use for commercial purposes may be made of such trademarks. Use of UEFA.com signifies your agreement to the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy.  Top 00000000
__label__wiki f51f  fresh no ads Brotherhood of the wolves | Philstar.com philstar   • Philstar.com     • HOME     • Headlines     • Opinion     • Nation     • World     • Business     • Sports     • Entertainment     • Lifestyle     • Events     • Other Sections   • The Philippine Star   • Pilipino Star Ngayon     • HOME     • Bansa     • Metro     • Probinsiya     • Opinyon     • Palaro     • Showbiz     • True Confessions     • Dr. Love     • Litra-talk     • Kutob     • Komiks   • The Freeman     • HOME     • Cebu News     • Opinion     • Metro Cebu     • Region     • Cebu Business     • Cebu Sports     • Cebu Lifestyle     • Cebu Entertainment   • Pang-Masa     • HOME     • Police Metro     • Punto Mo     • Pang Movies     • PM Sports     • Para Manalo     • Para Malibang   • Banat     • HOME     • Balita     • Opinyon     • Kalingawan     • Showbiz     • Palaro     • Imong Kapalaran     • Punsoy   • Interaksyon     • HOME     • Trends + Spotlights     • Politics + Issues     • Celebrities     • Hobbies + Interests     • Rumor Cop   • MISS UNIVERSE PHILIPPINES 2026   • BUDHI   • THE FILIPINO SPOTLIGHT   • PINOY POP   • EVENTS AND HAPPENINGS   • ARTS AND CULTURE   • THE BUDGETARIAN   • BUSINESS LIFE   • FASHION AND BEAUTY   • FOOD   • HEALTH AND FAMILY   • ON THE RADAR   • PETS   • TRAVEL   • SHOPPING   • MODERN LIVING   • GADGETS SUPPORT PHILSTAR About Us | Contact Us | Advertise | Privacy Policy | Member Agreement | Copyright Notice Copyright © 2026. Philstar Global Corp. All Rights Reserved   • My Profile   • Sign Out Subscribe | | Subscribe   • HOME   • HEADLINES   • OPINION   • NATION   • WORLD   • BUSINESS   • SPORTS   • ENTERTAINMENT   • LIFESTYLE   • EVENTS   • COUPONS   • OTHER SECTIONS X MISS UNIVERSE PHILIPPINES 2026 BUDHI THE FILIPINO SPOTLIGHT PINOY POP EVENTS AND HAPPENINGS ^ lifestyle_logo   • fb   • x   • ig   • 15483 viber   • tiktok   • threads   • youtube   • ARTS AND CULTURE   • THE BUDGETARIAN   • BUSINESS LIFE   • FASHION AND BEAUTY   • FOOD   • HEALTH AND FAMILY   • ON THE RADAR   • PETS   • TRAVEL   • SHOPPING   • MODERN LIVING   • GADGETS  Young Star  Brotherhood of the wolves  PENNYLANE - Rebecca C. Rodriguez - December 5, 2008 | 12:00am  Back in the Nineties, the guys from Wolfgang — vocalist Basti Artadi, drummer Wolf Gemora, guitarist Manuel Legarda and bassist Mon Legaspi — stormed the heavy metal and hard rock scene. Influenced by Iron Maiden, Megadeth, Led Zeppelin, Black Sabbath and Metallica, their self-titled album in ’95 produced classic hits like Halik ni Hudas, Natutulog Kong Mundo, Arise and my ultimate fave Darkness Fell.  I even remember the first time I watched the band in Sanctuario San Antonio Plaza. Yeah, I was only 13 but Basti then in a white shirt and jeans, shoulder-length curls almost like the locks of the Golden God, perfectly channeled Axl Rose’s high-pitched screech in the band’s rendition of GNR’s Welcome to the Jungle, which brought down to my sha na na na na na na knees.  From the original lineup — now without drummer Wolf Gemora (admittedly their still friends and, fingers crossed, that their paths will meet again) — Wolfgang is back with their sixth studio album. Expect “Villains” to be loaded with precision riffs, emphatic beats, power-drenched vocals, colorful licks, driving ostinatos, occasionally jazz-styled basslines and imaginative breaks merge with razor-sharp interplay in Wolfgang’s unique style of American-influenced hard rock, heavy metal, grunge and blues-rock.   Thanks to Lizza Nakpil, The STAR got to interview Basti about their latest album and the concert, with Francis Aquino joining the threesome.  The Philippine STAR: It’s been six years after Black Mantra, what is the concept behind Villains album?    Basti Artadi: There really isn’t a concept behind “Villains.” These are all a collection of songs Manuel and myself wrote over the period of a year. It just so happens that the songs seem to be connected by an underlying theme, which is villains or bad guys in some form or another.  All this happened subconsciously, it wasn’t something we were trying to target.  All three members are in different parts of the world, how did you work together for the new album?   All online. It was actually very easy using this process because we were doing everything at our own pace — we weren’t racing to meet any deadlines and a song would be finished when we decided that it was done and we were happy with the end result.  How did the title “Villains” come about?    I was writing or fixing some lyrics for the song John of the Cross and it just came to me as I was writing a line in the song that goes “and the villains win” I was like, “Villains,” yes! I suggested the title to the guys and they all liked it, so that was that. Later, I noticed that the name started with “VI” and it being our sixth album, just added gravy on top.  Not much people know you’re an artist, can you tell me something about the album art?    Well, originally the cover was actually different. It was a painting I did to mesh all our influences throughout the years, sort of a historical collage in oil, but it didn’t go over too well with the guys so I placed it in the inside of the album where I think it fits better nga. The cover was just something I was sitting on, it was an image of a skull that I had made into a vector image, I liked the way it looked and when I showed it to the guys they all liked it so that’s how it became our cover. I think painting is a soothing experience. That’s why I do it, not for the whole artist thing. It’s very therapeutic because when you are painting, you are just in that moment of you and the paint and pushing the paint to get some reaction in yourself. There is nothing else in that moment except you and what you are doing.  What was the recording process like for the album?   Recording was a breeze. I’m speaking of the vocals, because we had already worked everything out online and knew what we were going to be doing. I tracked in the States and sent the files to Manuel. He suggested I find time to do additional tracking back home, which I was able to do.  What bands did you listen to, get inspiration from?  Metal!!! Lots of metal. Old Priest and Metallica, Death Angel, Maiden, Slayer and new and old Anthrax, Testament, Children of Bodom, Zep….  Describe the chemistry/friendship you have with Mon and Manuel?   I think we have changed a bit from the older days. Before, it was more of a working relationship where we would just get together for the gig and then go do our own thing. Now we hang out together more because of friends and family.  How did Wolfgang get involved in making the theme song for the Level Up online game Rising Force?   Patrick Pulumbarit was working for Level Up at the time and they asked him if we wanted to do a song. They suggested we pick a race and go to town but we were like, why pick one? Let’s do a general one that kinda sums up the whole thing. I think it fits perfectly.  Since your semi-reunion from “Alive 2006” last year without Wolf, what are your plans after “Black Christmas Project”?  Right now, I’m just focusing on the show. Everything is still up in the air for me.  In 2006, you said goodbye to music. After studying and working in the US, what convinced you to come back to rock ‘n’ roll?    Manuel, RP Deathsquad and the “Alive” shows. I really wasn’t enjoying it anymore in LA — it became work and wasn’t fun, so I said to hell with it. After writing that new song (RP Deathsquad) with Manuel and playing the shows with Razorback, it all came back to me why I had done it for so long.  How did you evolve as a musician from your De La Salle Zobel-Welcome to the Jungle singing days to “Villains” now?   I think my singing got better. I actually auditioned for Razorback before and I sucked so bad they gave the job to Cuervo, which I think was a good choice in the end. I can also say I’m more open to other stuff, back in the day it was all-hard and nothing else.  * * *  Wolfgang’s “Villains” album will be released this month. The “Black Christmas Project” concert will be held on Dec. 10, 7 p.m. at the Eastwood City Central Plaza, Libis, near Ortigas Ave. A second date has been added on Dec. 12, at the UP Cebu grounds, Cebu City. For tickets, call Ticketnet at 911-5555 or visit www.ticketnet.com.ph.     ALBUM  BASTI ARTADI  BLACK CHRISTMAS PROJECT  LEVEL UP  MANUEL  VILLAINS  WOLFGANG BrandSpace Articles SMDC Malls & Retail Strips: Your local guide to a sizzling summer  SMDC Malls & Retail Strips: Your local guide to a sizzling summer 'Star Wars Most Wanted' pop-up lands at SM North EDSA  'Star Wars Most Wanted' pop-up lands at SM North EDSA SM Supermalls launches Sustainability Digest  SM Supermalls launches Sustainability Digest Spaces with purpose: Behind meaningful experiences at Filinvest  Spaces with purpose: Behind meaningful experiences at Filinvest Watsons celebrates 185 years with its biggest Nationwide Sale yet this May 14â��18  Watsons celebrates 185 years with its biggest Nationwide Sale yet this May 14–18 Panasonic Run 2026 champions wellness, innovation and the future of movement  Panasonic Run 2026 champions wellness, innovation and the future of movement AIA Philippines: As health risks evolve, protection needs to go further  AIA Philippines: As health risks evolve, protection needs to go further First Panasonic Run to celebrate wellness, discipline and true Japanese excellence  First Panasonic Run to celebrate wellness, discipline and true Japanese excellence Bamboo goes mainstream: BASE highlights sustainable innovations at Worldbex 2026  Bamboo goes mainstream: BASE highlights sustainable innovations at Worldbex 2026 Beauty reborn with Belo  Beauty reborn with Belo < > More in Young Star  Cyberzone unites gamers and creators  OK Are you sure you want to log out? Yes No X Login  Philstar.com is one of the most vibrant, opinionated, discerning communities of readers on cyberspace. With your meaningful insights, help shape the stories that can shape the country. Sign up now!  Get Updated:  Signup for the News Round now  E-mail Address: Password FORGOT PASSWORD? SIGN IN or sign in with New user? CLICK HERE TO REGISTER This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. 0
l be held on Dec. 10, 7 p.m. at the Eastwood City Central Plaza, Libis, near Ortigas Ave. A second date has been added on Dec. 12, at the UP Cebu grounds, Cebu City. For tickets, call Ticketnet at 911-5555 or visit www.ticketnet.com.ph.     ALBUM  BASTI ARTADI  BLACK CHRISTMAS PROJECT  LEVEL UP  MANUEL  VILLAINS  WOLFGANG BrandSpace Articles SMDC Malls & Retail Strips: Your local guide to a sizzling summer  SMDC Malls & Retail Strips: Your local guide to a sizzling summer 'Star Wars Most Wanted' pop-up lands at SM North EDSA  'Star Wars Most Wanted' pop-up lands at SM North EDSA SM Supermalls launches Sustainability Digest  SM Supermalls launches Sustainability Digest Spaces with purpose: Behind meaningful experiences at Filinvest  Spaces with purpose: Behind meaningful experiences at Filinvest Watsons celebrates 185 years with its biggest Nationwide Sale yet this May 14â��18  Watsons celebrates 185 years with its biggest Nationwide Sale yet this May 14–18 Panasonic Run 2026 champions wellness, innovation and the future of movement  Panasonic Run 2026 champions wellness, innovation and the future of movement AIA Philippines: As health risks evolve, protection needs to go further  AIA Philippines: As health risks evolve, protection needs to go further First Panasonic Run to celebrate wellness, discipline and true Japanese excellence  First Panasonic Run to celebrate wellness, discipline and true Japanese excellence Bamboo goes mainstream: BASE highlights sustainable innovations at Worldbex 2026  Bamboo goes mainstream: BASE highlights sustainable innovations at Worldbex 2026 Beauty reborn with Belo  Beauty reborn with Belo < > More in Young Star  Cyberzone unites gamers and creators  OK Are you sure you want to log out? Yes No X Login  Philstar.com is one of the most vibrant, opinionated, discerning communities of readers on cyberspace. With your meaningful insights, help shape the stories that can shape the country. Sign up now!  Get Updated:  Signup for the News Round now  E-mail Address: Password FORGOT PASSWORD? SIGN IN or sign in with New user? CLICK HERE TO REGISTER This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. 0
__label__wiki 0000B728 Masters set for another earlier-than-usual finish - Golf Channel   • GN_Primary_Logo_RGB_Full_Color.png   • GP_Primary_Logo_RGB_Full_Color.png   • GNC_Secondary_Horiz_Logo_RGB_Full_Color.png Skip navigation gc_rgb_horizontal_logo_reverse_dark_bg.png   • SCORES     SCORES     PGA Championship     Kroger Queen City Championship     Colonial Life Charity Classic     Amundi German Masters   • SCHEDULES     00004000     SCHEDULES     PGA TOUR     LPGA     DP World Tour     Korn Ferry Tour     PGA Tour Champions   • PGA CHAMPIONSHIP   • NEWS   • VIDEOS   • WATCH     WATCH     Golf Channel LIVE     Golf Channel Schedule     Tournaments and Streams   • PODCASTS     PODCASTS     Golf Channel Podcast with Rex & Lav     College Golf Talk     Golf Today   • PGA TOUR   • LPGA Tour   • DP World Tour   • Korn Ferry Tour   • PGA Tour Champions   • NCAA gc_rgb_horizontal_logo_reverse_dark_bg.png   • SCORES     • 00004000 PGA Championship     • Kroger Queen City Championship     • Colonial Life Charity Classic     • Amundi German Masters   • SCHEDULES     • PGA TOUR     • LPGA     • DP World Tour     • Korn Ferry Tour     • PGA Tour Champions   • PGA CHAMPIONSHIP   • NEWS   • VIDEOS   • WATCH     • Golf Channel LIVE     • Golf Channel Schedule     • Tournaments and Streams   • PODCASTS     • Golf Channel Podcast with Rex & Lav     • College Golf Talk     • Golf Today     • PGA TOUR     • LPGA Tour     • DP World Tour     • Korn Ferry Tour     • PGA Tour Champions     • NCAA Favorites Sign up to follow your favorites on all your devices. Sign up  Masters set for another earlier-than-usual finish    • By   • Ryan Lavner,   • By   • Ryan Lavner    Published September 9, 2020 12:37 PM   • Facebook   • Twitter   • Email Thumbnail  The third and final rounds of the Masters will end earlier than usual.  In a conference call with reporters Tuesday, CBS Sports chairman Sean McManus said the plan is for the final round of the Masters, rescheduled for Nov. 15, to end sometime between 2 p.m. and 2:45 p.m. ET, more than an hour before the network’s afternoon NFL games. That’ll also allow for more flexibility in case there’s a sudden-death playoff.  The third round of the Masters should finish around 5:30 p.m., before the network’s primetime college football game between Alabama and LSU. Sunset in Augusta, Georgia, on Nov. 14 is at 5:26 p.m.  It’ll be the second year in a row that the Masters has an early Sunday finish. Last year, in an unprecedented move, Augusta National officials decided to send players off early in threesomes and split tees because of a dicey weather forecast. Tiger Woods won the green jacket at around 2:30 p.m.  golf-channel-podcast-with-rex-lav-logo16x9.jpg Golf Channel Podcast with Rex & Lav GolfChannel.com senior writers Rex Hoggard and Ryan Lavner discuss and debate the latest news from the PGA Tour, DP World Tour, LPGA, and more. Catch their latest podcast episode now! RELATED STORIES NCAA25_EAST_LAKE_16x9.jpg East Lake Cup 2025: Field, format and how to watch at East Lake Golf Club DP World India Championship 2025 - Day Three Tommy Fleetwood, Shane Lowry chasing Keita Nakajima in final round of India Championship BMW Ladies Championship 2025 - Round Three Sei Young Kim eagles 17th hole, takes four-shot lead into final round in Korea Final Round How Jeffrey Kang, once nation’s best junior, overcame driver yips to earn long-awaited PGA Tour card BMW Ladies Championship 2025 - Round Two Sei Young Kim goes 62-66 but leads by just one at BMW Ladies in Korea DP World India Championship 2025 - Day Two Tommy Fleetwood (64) leads Open champs by two in India; Rory McIlroy six back gc_rgb_horizontal_logo_reverse_dark_bg.png Stay in the Know Subscribe to our Newsletter and Alerts Subscribe TOURS   • PGA TOUR   • LPGA TOUR   • DP WORLD TOUR   • PGA TOUR CHAMPIONS   • KORN FERRY TOUR   • NCAA & AMATEUR WATCH & LISTEN   • Clips & Highlights   • Golf Channel on YouTube   • Watch Live   • Golf Channel Podcast with Rex & Lav VERSANT MEDIA   • Golf Press Releases Ad ChoicesPrivacy Policy Cookie Settings CA NoticeTerms of ServiceAdvertiseCareersClosed Captioning  © Copyright 2026 Golf Channel. All rights reserved. 00000000
__label__wiki Skip navigation SEARCH FOR SCHOLARSHIPVirtual books Recommended Reading Bibliography Theses & Dissertations Folklife Miscellany Index Program Archives Maps Creole State Exhibit Photo gallery ARTICLES & ESSAYS  Getting to Gemütlichkeit: German History and Culture in Southeast Louisiana  By Laura Westbrook     [ gemütlichkeit: a feeling of belonging and well-being; contentment with one's surroundings; enjoying the fellowship of others; mutual appreciation and understanding ]  Background  Louisiana's German citizens constitute both one of the oldest and one of the newest populations in the state. The earliest recorded German immigrants to Louisiana arrived in 1722, and Germans continue to arrive every year, especially in the New Orleans area. The fact that residents of German descent actually comprise Louisiana's largest cultural group is often overlooked, and it has only been in the last decade that scholarly forays have been made into this history.  Ira Milan's polka band performing at Deutsche Haus, New Orleans, 2007. Photo: Courtesy of Stewart Eastman.  According to Reverend Heinz Neumann, who maintains the Deutsche Seemannsmission (German Seamen's Mission) in New Orleans, "The two world wars contributed to the muting of this culture in Louisiana and America, so that many people are not aware of the German traditions here and the contributions Germans continue to make in Louisiana." Indeed, residents of the New Orleans area commonly expressed surprise on learning that Germany contributed vitally needed pumps and major assistance after Hurricane Katrina because of its acknowledged close ties to the city. These ties are not often recognized or understood by Louisiana's non-German residents.  Recalls Brigitta Malm of Covington:  There has been a lot of help by the German government and other institutions after the hurricane. However, it has been very difficult to get coverage of this support. There was a team of 90 people here from the Deutsches Hilfswerk [German aid organization]; they came with pumps and stayed on a ship in Chalmette and apparently did a great job in pumping out the water from New Orleans. There was also financial help from the German government, and a donation collected by a North German newspaper in Schleswig Holstein was divided and given to City Park, a food mission on the West Bank, and several other organizations. The German Seamen's Mission also received some publicity and funds from the American Club of Hamburg.  The most recent (pre-Katrina) population statistics available from the state of Louisiana report the number of people who are now Louisiana residents but were born in Germany as 4,815. Excluding the 541 in Vernon Parish, largely due to the army base there, the statistics break down in the following order, from the largest German communities to the smallest that have 50 or more members. Orleans Parish: 557; Baton Rouge: 527 Jefferson: 490; St. Tammany: 379; Shreveport: 260; Lake Charles: 176; Lafayette: 173; Bossier: 167; Monroe: 157; Alexandria: 149; Houma: 65; and Lafourche: 59. The German community in our state goes back numerous generations, but continues to be enriched by new immigrants that strengthen the established community's ties to the homeland.  Germans were among the earliest settlers in Louisiana; in fact, they arrived earlier than many of the more dominant cultural groups. Many came from the disputed Alsace-Lorraine region, which helps to explain the easy assimilation of French and German customs, and a small but substantial portion of the earliest German settlers were Jewish. As a consequence of the social and economic success of these early Jewish settlers, attempts to import animosity toward Jews were largely unsuccessful in Louisiana's early days. Louisiana's sparse population and its great need for enterprising citizens allowed individuals to be judged more on merit than religious creed, and records from the St. Louis Cathedral make clear that intermarriage between Jews and Catholics was not uncommon.  The Louisiana to which our earliest Germans emigrated was a state of tremendous opportunity that was nevertheless known as the "grave of young men." According to Wayne Schexnayder of Kenner,  [My family is from] Hahnville in St. Charles Parish; it's part of "Cote des Allemandes." My family has been here since the early 1700s. They were German farmers that were brought here by the French to farm, to start a new colony. I remember some things my grandfather and grandmother told me about [that time]; people worked so hard they didn't live long. They died in their mid-fifties; they worked real hard. The elements-the mosquitoes, the wild animals, the Indians-it was a hard life. But in other ways they lived a good life, you know. They raised fresh vegetables. My family also told me that the German Coast farmers kept New Orleans from starving during one emergency period because they provided fresh produce and the milk and cheeses and that type of thing.  In addition to the advantages a port city like New Orleans offered to budding entrepreneurs of the 18th and 19th centuries, the crime, disease, and lack of sanitation made it a dangerous place that discouraged many who tried to establish themselves there. Nevertheless, many early German immigrants, such as Isaac Delgado, Judah Touro, and Leon Godchaux-and later, Martin Behrman, Edward W. A. Ochsner, Garrett Schwegmann, and Joseph Francis Rummel-rose from a variety of backgrounds to become forces for progress in their new state.  Many German names were legally "Americanized"; in Louisiana this meant that the "new" name appears French, so that the German "Troxler" became "Trosclair," "Zweig" became "Labranche," and so on. The changing of immigrants' names, and the fact that Germans have been discouraged from speaking German or openly practicing their inherited customs for several generations, has had the effect that a good number of Louisiana's younger residents of German heritage do not know about their own cultural backgrounds. This is an issue of great concern to older German-Americans, and came up often in interviews. A tour guide at Ormond Plantation tells of a recent incident in which a group of German tourists to St. James Parish asked a teenage boy for directions to Louisiana's German Coast. He responded that he himself was Cajun and had not heard of the German Coast. When he reported the story to his parents, he learned that his family was among the earliest Germans to arrive on the state's German Coast where their descendents all currently live, including himself! The most inclusive definition of the German Coast region counts it as extending along both sides of the Mississippi River roughly from Gretna to the Bonne Carré Spillway.  Nineteenth-century Louisiana was a place in which immigrants might remake themselves-might alter their social status through their own efforts, change religious affiliations or escape religious or cultural persecution that, though tried in Louisiana, failed to gain popular or institutional support. Romantic and volatile, ripe with possibilities for fortune or disaster, Louisiana was a place where hardy adventurers, with work and luck, might create new lives and leave legacies of lasting impact on future generations of family and on state history.  French colonial prefect Pierre Clement Laussat supported the growth of Louisiana's population by increasing the number of Germans in residence. In 1803 he wrote,  This class of peasants, especially of this nationality, is just the kind we need and the only one that has always done well in this area, which is called the German Coast. It is the most industrious, the most populous, the most prosperous, the most upright, the most valuable population segment of this colony. I deem it essential that the French government adopt the policy of bringing to this area every year 1,000 to 1,200 families from the border states of Switzerland, the Rhine and Bavaria.1  Opportunities in Louisiana were spoken of throughout the poorer areas of Germany and France; at this time Louisiana attracted emigrants from throughout Europe, particularly France and Germany.2 New Orleans' population increased from 29,737 in 1830 to 102,193 in 1840.3 The Civil War effectively closed the port of New Orleans as a substantial point of entry for direct European immigration; later immigrants primarily arrived from other American cities.4 Direct immigration from Germany resumed, especially before and after the World Wars, as families fled Europe and war brides began to arrive in Louisiana.  Early Expressions of German Culture in Louisiana  Germans established benevolent societies that provided services to the community. Like the now well-known "social aid and pleasure clubs" established before the turn of the century in some New Orleans African American communities, these organizations helped members find employment, paid their burial expenses, and supplied life insurance to the families of deceased members. These associations, which also served as social clubs, were called "groves," and by the turn of the century there were over twenty-five such societies. These included the popular United Ancient Order of the Druids. The first grove of Druids in the area, the Magnolia Hain (Magnolia Grove) was founded in 1836.5  Similar to the earlier-formed societies, Germans formed benevolent associations specifically for trades and professions, which also provided for their members in cases of illness, accidents, or emergencies, and provided pensions for widows and children. One notable group that Germans joined in significant numbers is the Independent Order of Odd Fellows ("odd fellows" refers to assorted or "odd" trades not covered by specific professional fraternal lodges), begun in 1831. Present-day visitors to the Odd Fellows Rest at the intersection of Canal Street and Metairie Road can see the tombs of the Germania Lodge Number 29 and of the Teutonia Lodge Number 10 with its inscription, "Freundschaft, Liebe, und Wahrheit" ("Friendship, Love, and Truth").  The Odd Fellows Rest was inaugurated with an extravagant brass band parade following a horse-drawn hearse that carried the remains of 16 members who were transferred from other burial grounds to the new cemetery. Brass band parades, especially those following funeral processions, are now almost forgotten among today's German population. German brass band parades, however, were once common. At least one New Orleans-area music scholar and musician, Jack Stewart, is now conducting research documenting German contributions to the development of New Orleans jazz.  Meanwhile, in Germany, conditions (primarily an ill-fated demand for a unified Germany) led to a mass emigration of artists and intellectuals to the ports of New York and New Orleans. This swelled the numbers of Germans in Louisiana, who quickly merged with those already settled in the region. Recalls Frank Ehret of Gretna, "My great-grandfather, Cassimere Ehret, and his wife, Margaret Goyer, came to Louisiana from Germany in 1848. At that time there was an influx of German immigrants to the United States; they call them 'forty-eighters'." The Deutsche Gesellschaft was organized to assist these new Germans.  Today a group of this name, headquartered on Metairie Road, functions largely as a social club devoted to cultural preservation. Meeting programs are printed in English and German, both American and German national anthems are sung, and all meetings include copious amounts of homemade German foods. One of the more unique aspects of the meetings is the inclusion of short refreshers in the German language, each of which focuses on one aspect of pronunciation, such as "how to pronounce the umlauted 'o' (ö)." Members enjoy singing traditional and popular German songs.  The Deutsches Haus was founded as a place where numerous longstanding German organizations could meet, and today it functions as a social club, a gathering place for various German groups, and a place where people can speak the German language and maintain ties to their culture. Marietta Herr of Harahan, whose family has belonged to the Haus since its inception, describes its origin.  My father belonged to a singing group, the Mäennerchor, before the establishment of the Deutches Haus, and in 1928 Mr. Odenheimer [the first president of Deutsches Haus] brought all these German groups together. They had the Turnverein; that's the exercise people. [The Turnverein was an arts and benevolent society that promoted and presented art, music, and drama, and also offered physical fitness programs for its members.] Then they had the Unterstützungsverein that was like a benevolent association, an insurance group. They had a doctor and so forth. And I don't know what other groups they had. But after World War I these German groups kind of disintegrated. They were strong prior to World War I and afterward they were weakened but still existing. So they were brought together and the Deutsches Haus was established. The building was an old telephone exchange, where it still is today, on South Galvez Street. My father, then part of the singing society, also became a charter member of the Deutsches Haus. If you were a member of the Deutsches Haus you could be buried in the St. Roch Cemetery.  Keith Oldendorf, who is the current president of Deutsches Haus but did not grow up attending its events regularly, describes his impressions of the Haus as he has observed it over time.  When I started coming here, I was in my twenties, and at first it seemed there were mostly older members. Some of their grand kids would come every now and then. But in the last few years, there was a trend for younger people that started coming regularly. Then when it got damaged during Katrina, it gained even more momentum with younger people. When we started to rebuild the place, it was a mixture of ages, but mostly a lot of younger guys showing up. They showed up every weekend and worked really hard putting the place back together.  In addition to the professional and benevolent organizations, Louisiana's earliest Germans participated in a wide range of assistance, social and artistic associations, many of which survive in some form today. The most important of the earliest societies was the Deutsche Gesellschaft (founded in 1851), which provided assistance to new arrivals by welcoming them at the docks and helping them go through customs and get settled in the area, or find their way to transportation if their journey did not end in Louisiana. They also provided food and clothing, supplied transportation costs, and offered shelter and care to those who had fallen ill along the way.  Pastor Heinz Neumann of the Deutsche Seemannsmission (German Seamen's Mission), 2007. Photo: Laura Westbrook.  Today the Deutsche Seemannsmission, headed by Pastor Heinz Neumann, meets German ships at the Port of New Orleans and helps sailors purchase needed supplies and, if their work requires a stay in the city, provides hospitality including meals, lodging, recreation, and entertainment, sometimes even German-language concerts during which the sailors are invited to sing along with local Germans who regularly attend activities at the Mission. Says Frieda Arwe, a licensed tour guide who lives in Gretna, "I feel that I am doing my part when I meet the Germans who arrive in the Port of New Orleans. We show them around the city, especially the parts of interest to Germans. Sometimes they are surprised at the abundance of German history we have here, and sometimes they come knowing a great deal about our German history. We have German-language books and films at the Mission, and there they can meet people who are glad to speak German with them." Pastor Neumann not only maintains the Seemannsmission, he also conducts monthly services in the German language at St. Matthew's Church of Christ, offers prayers and leads choirs at events for all of the German organizations in the area, and helps to support the activities of each. He is frequently cited as a mainstay, and highly valued, member of Louisiana's German community.  The newly-reconstructed Deutsche Seemannsmission, 2007. Photo: Laura Westbrook.  Louisiana's German history is an "open secret." During the years 1848 to 1900, Germans were the largest foreign-language speaking group in Louisiana. By the year 1850 fully one-fifth of Louisiana's population was German-speaking, and there were more than 50 German-language newspapers and journals published in the state. As recently as the mid-20th century, German was taught in Orleans Parish schools, reports Sister Betty Doskey of Orleans Parish, who recalls that at St. Francis of Assisi School (which educated both boys and girls) in the 1930s and 1940s, all the nuns were German and spoke German with their students.  Changing Times  But the nationalism pervasive in the United States during the World Wars and the postwar years took its toll on expressions of cultural pride among Louisiana's Germans. During World War I, the Louisiana state legislature passed Act 114 (specific to German citizens), which made all expressions of German culture and heritage, especially the printed or spoken use of the German language, illegal. Cajun songs such as Hadley Castille's "200 Lines," recount the heartbreak, sense of shame, and cultural erosion that resulted from similar post-World War II policies in Acadiana, but this experience was far from exclusive to Cajun children. (Though the reasons for these language strictures differ, the resultant weakening of cultural solidarity has been reported by all cultures that were affected by them.) During World War II in particular, German Americans report that they feared being collected into camps such as those endured by Japanese Americans. Any German traditions that were maintained during this time were practiced strictly among close friends and family at home. May Day, originally acknowledged and celebrated as the German Maifest, assumed a more generic "old-fashioned" aspect and was celebrated as the beginning of spring with little or no cultural context for non-Germans.  The influx of Germans did not discontinue, though, even during wartime. Güenter Bischof of Terrebonne Parish points out that,  After the surrender of the Africa Corps in May 1943, and in the latter part of World War II, thousands of German prisoners of war were shipped to Louisiana to work in the northern cotton fields and in sugarcane fields in the coastal parishes. The German POWs made up the shortage in agricultural labor after white boys were drafted into the military and African-American sharecroppers moved to industrial jobs at places such as Higgins Boats in the cities. 6  The German POWs worked on the very plantations of the "German Coast" first settled by their countrymen in Louisiana. After the wars, Germans immigrated to Louisiana seeking to escape post-war poverty and hardship. When they arrived here, though America was generally unfriendly toward Germany, they found a well-established community that was able to welcome them and help them assimilate.  Restaurateur Blanca Volion taught herself English by studying the newspaper and grocery signage, and following along with the televised 64,000 Question but, typically for Germans new to Louisiana, mostly through the invaluable German friends she met who had been in Louisiana a little longer than herself. Organizations such as the Deutsche Seemannsmission and the now-defunct German Club played a crucial social and psychological role in immigrants' lives. Mrs. Volion and her friend Marianna Nicholas formed a weekly Kaffeeklatsch at which "We'd make cake and we'd have coffee and talk." She describes the experience of some of the Germans who came to the New Orleans area during this period.  A lot of people [are] coming out now, to say "I'm of German descent." You'd be surprised how many people say, "Oh my grandfather came from there." [If I say] "But you don't [have a] German name," they'll say, "Well, they changed it." With the war, they had to kind of change the name and then they kept it that way. Later, some people changed it back to the German way, but a lot of people didn't. See, they used to hide everything in their attics, so people wouldn't know that they were German, because of the war. You know war can be a darned terrible thing. I had a very hard time when I came over here. You know, for being German, and people didn't forget-their daddy got killed in the war, their brother got killed in the war. And it wasn't my fault; I was just a child. But it doesn't matter; I was still blamed for it. So that's why some people didn't come out. Now people, just the last years, is all coming out, you know. But I mean the tradition is kind of forgotten. That's what good with the German club. They have a nice Christmas party there with the candles and all that stuff. I used to never miss a meeting.  Prince Ludwig and Princess Theresa are honorary roles at each year's Oktoberfest procession, New Orleans, 2007. Photo: Courtesy of Stewart Eastman.  In Louisiana, the cultural revolution of the 1970s most notably saw the resurgence of "Cajun pride," but the state's Germans have also been making forays into more public expressions of culture. Over time the Maifest has been reinstated in several communities, Oktoberfest has become extremely popular with Germans and non-Germans, and today German (and some mostly-German) community and cultural organizations are thriving.  Though German-language events became more public during and after the 1970s, loyalty to the new homeland remained important to American Germans. Sevilla Finley says, "I returned from living in Palo Alto, California, in 1985 and dedicated the last 20 years of my life to the 'movement' with the goal of establishing the German-American Cultural Center." She tells about her community's struggle to integrate and express their dual identities at public events.  In the 1980s, I was president of a local German club when we had our first big Maifest; several hundred people were all assembled at the Red Maple Restaurant [in Gretna]. Ira Milan's Polka Band was about to start the evening and he asked everyone to stand up for the anthem. I went from room to room and, with both hands, urged everyone to rise. Then Ira and his 16-piece band started playing, but it wasn't our American anthem. [They played the German anthem]. I was a little surprised and embarrassed. When it was over everyone sat down and started to eat. An older club member and his grown daughter came over to me. The daughter said, seriously but with a smile, "My father has threatened to break up all the band's instruments if they don't play the American anthem." He said very firmly, "I'm an American first, and they'd better play our anthem or I won't stay." Ira said he didn't think they couldn't play it without the sheet music, but he got the band to play the anthem the best they could from memory. Later I discovered that whenever Ira's band played at the Deutsches Haus, they'd always open with the German anthem, just as the people of French heritage do with La Marseillaise when they're holding a cultural event.  Ingrid Schleh, Trudy Sigle, and Frieda Awre at the Deutsches Haus Maifest, New Orleans, 2007. Photo: Laura Westbrook.  The shift toward public expressions of cultural pride is often described as a grass-roots movement. Ms. Finley explains, "The big cultural movement occurred in 1987 when Gail Perry organized the German Heritage Festival Association and revived the Oktoberfest Parade that used to roll in New Orleans. People joined by the hundreds in this." This movement brought together several existing German heritage groups that had previously been unknown to each other. Ms. Perry adds, "The old volksfest parade rolled before the Civil War, stopping for the 5 years of the war then continuing in 1855. They paraded until the early 20th century. The early history is in the old newspapers, The Star, I believe." Ms. Finley responds, "It wasn't a movement until we all got on the bandwagon to do the parade and create the German American Cultural Center, and Richard Kuntz and Bill Gunn headed the efforts to revive and increase membership at the Deutsches Haus. Down the coast, the German Coast people (particularly the German Coast Historical and Genealogical Society) were doing their thing and we networked."  The German American Cultural Center (GACC) was established in Gretna in 1999 with the support of an active "Friends" group. It is open to the public and offers exhibits, programs and cultural activities that interpret the German immigrant history and the contributions, to Louisiana and the United States, of German Americans. The cultural center resulted from twelve years of cooperative efforts among the above-named groups with "the City of Gretna, Jefferson Parish, our congressional delegates, the Jean Lafitte National Park and Preserve and the Delta Regional Preservation Commission" to lobby for a museum in Gretna, explains Ms. Finley, who took a leading role in the center's development. Today the center features regular lectures and presentations, hosts annual holiday celebrations, and partners with non-German festivals and the local arts market. Membership in the various clubs and societies overlap, so that one may see the same people at meetings and events in Gretna, Metairie, New Orleans, or further out along the German Coast.  In southeast Louisiana, Germans have been known for their fierce work ethic to the point that "It takes a German to do it" was once synonymous with accomplishing the near-impossible; this expression is occasionally repeated, often humorously, today. David Moore, a member of the Deutsches Haus, rediscovered his commitment to that organization after Hurricane Katrina. He observed that it, like the other organizations mentioned in this essay, presents a rare opportunity for many different waves of immigrants to socialize with each other, helping new arrivals to assimilate and invigorating interest in the traditions of the homeland among fourth- and fifth-generation German-Americans. He also noticed similarities among the members who turned out to voluntarily rebuild the storm-damaged Haus. The men reminded him of his own German ancestors.  My grandfather was into everything-he had all kinds of tools. If he was gonna build a plant stand, it would have posts that big [hands about a foot apart]. An elephant could stand on it, much less him. Anything he build was just totally, totally overdone. I guess you could call it eccentric. Well, when I was growing up I thought it was eccentric, just his way. But I guess you could call it the German way. I tell you, when working at Deutsches Haus and watching these younger guys They are pure German, and their whole families were German, and I could see my grandfather in them. Just the way we rebuilt the Deutsches Haus-if something required a floor joist this big [hands six inches apart], they were putting in one this big [hands ten inches apart]. I mean, that sucker was going to be there for the rest of time! The way they engineered that place and built the place, and the way they were going about restoring it, you could just tell it was being done by some [people with] German ancestors. It was never good enough to just do it. It had to be done this way. And it was always overly done. It's a German thing, I guess.  The traditional meal of stuffed cabbage, potato salad, German sausage, and sauerkraut, 2007. Photo: Laura Westbrook.  Many of their first enterprises continue in a variety of forms. Germans largely instituted the brewing industry in Louisiana; in its heyday the Jax Brewery, established by Joseph and Lawrence Fabacher in 1890, employed a high percentage of the area's Germans. According to Larry Fabacher, "It was a relatively unusual place to work. It was actually written into the union contracts that a worker would get 'X' number of beers per shift. Each department had its own keg and its own kitchen."7 The present building is only a suggestion of the structure that, for years, dominated the French Quarter riverfront from Jackson Square to the property that is now One Canal Place. Today Germans comprise much of the membership of the Crescent City Home Brewers, and individuals like David Moore of Slidell continue to brew for private consumption at home, and also to can sauerkraut and other dishes, using traditional techniques. German immigrant Henryk Orlik is the founder and Brewmaster of Heiner Brau brewery in Covington, and immigrant Wolfram Koehler is the founder and Brewmaster of the Crescent City Brewhouse, a microbrewery and restaurant in New Orleans' French Quarter. Both mention with pride that they strictly adhere to the German Purity Law of 1516, known as Reinheitsgebot.  In New Orleans, Creole gardens historically utilized white, heavily scented, flowers to mask the smells of the streets. Germans are largely credited for bringing their traditions of riotously colorful gardens. Germans established many of the area's first florist shops, some of which are still operating or remembered today, such as Eble the Florist, Kraak's Florists, Rohm's Floral Designs, and Scheinuk the Florist. Other enterprises to which Germans notably contributed, and in which many still work, include politics, restaurants, agriculture, and dairies.  Tradition and Contemporary Culture  Food and Holidays  Many Germans who were interviewed for this project report that the first question a German will ask, when exploring a new place, is, "Where can one find good bread?" They point out that New Orleans' famed French bread is misleadingly named because the majority of "French bread" bakers in the city have been either Italian or German; often they presided over small corner markets, some of which grew into giant enterprises such as the Schweggmann's supermarkets. Lifetime baker Alfons Kleindienst, who emigrated from Hamburg, explains,  America is a little different than Germany. In Germany, when a young man goes to a bakery, he becomes an apprentice, and he works at this place for 3 years. You got no pay, but you learned the whole bakery from the bottom up, and you learned everything in the bakery. A lot of times in America, a guy will join a bakery and they'll show him how to make pies, and he might make pies all his life, but he doesn't know how to make a loaf of bread, or he can't make a cream roll, or an apple turnover and stuff like that. . . That's why Germans, in most places, are sought after, because they had to go through this tedious way of learning. But when they've learned it, they know it!  Mr. Kleindienst is now retired, but names like Leidenheimer, Reising, Binder, and Haydel continue to dominate New Orleans baking. Smaller boutique bakeries continue to be owned and operated by bakers of German heritage, sometimes under French names.  Spaetzle (home-made German noodles) prepared by Marietta Herr, 2007. Photo: Laura Westbrook.  The connection between German baking and local heritage is made humorously, unambiguously clear by artist Bunny Matthews' decorations on the Leidenheimer's bakery trucks, on which locally-beloved cartoon characters Vic and Nat'ly proclaim, ""Sink ya teeth into a piece a New Orleans cultcha, a Leidenheimer po-boy!" The sister and brother team of Katherine and Robert "Sandy" Whann, the fourth generation of the Leidenheimer family to operate the bakery, plan to organize a Po-Boy Preservation Society to encourage the use of locally-made bread in commercial po-boys.  Louisiana historian Earl Higgins, in his book, The Joy of Y'at Catholicism,8 describes the blending and blurring of cultural boundaries where food is concerned this way.  The paradox of y'at reality is illustrated by the following true story, an event that took place several years ago after Sunday morning Mass at St. Agnes Church on Jefferson Highway. Standing across from the church was a small neighborhood bakery that drew a crowd after each Sunday Mass. An elderly lady was poking through the stack of fresh French bread loaves until she found one wrapped in paper showing that it had been baked at Falkenstein's, a local bakery that supplied French bread to retail bakeries. "This is the authentic French bread," she announced with serious emphasis and a vigorous nod. "Mr. Falkenstein brought the recipe with him from Germany." The lady, the neighborhood baker, and Falkenstein's bread are long gone, but New Orleanians' view of "authenticity" remains the same.  Longtime resident Bill Rittenberg, as quoted by the columnist Angus Lind, says, "That's the irony. The French have never made French bread. The Germans made it." (And now, a Vietnamese bakery in his neighborhood makes bread that is very similar.) 9 Doubtless many residents of French descent may have their own stories about their long heritage of bread-baking in Louisiana.  After a performance everyone enjoys a feast at the Deutsche Seemannsmission (German Seamen's Mission), 2007. Photo: Laura Westbrook.  Other German names strongly associated with everyday baked goods, and childhood memories, are Elmer and Hubig. Though devastated by Hurricane Katrina, after which its Bywater bakery in Orleans Parish was forced to close for 16 months, Elmer's Fine Foods has recovered and is still going strong. Today, Alan, Stephen and Paul Elmer are the fifth generation of the family to run the bakery. Their candies are sold at most drugstore checkout counters, and the name of its signature snack, "CheeWees," has become synonymous locally with any bagged chip-type snack. The Simon Hubig Pie Company remains extremely popular as well; in fact, more than one pie fan sports "Savory Simon," the Hubig logo, as a tattoo! The company proudly displays their photos on its website. Their Faubourg Marigny bakery was less affected by the storms, and employees handed out pies to locals and rescue workers from their familiar red and white pie trucks.10  Advent wreath, New Orleans, 2007. Photo: Courtesy of Stewart Eastman.  In addition to daily fare, German holiday food traditions remain strong. Holidays, of course, combine special foods with deeper customs that connect us to family, community, and homeland. The Advent season, which begins the first Sunday after November 26th, marks the arrival of Christmas. The Adentskranz (Advent Wreath) and Adventskalender (Advent calendar) decorate German homes during this time. The popularity of the Advent wreath spread throughout Germany after World War I, and remains important there and with Germans in America. The Advent calendar was first documented in 1851, but the custom may be older than that. Mrs. Frieda Arwe makes the wreaths for some of the community holiday events, but notes that anyone can begin with commercially available greenery wreaths and can make a German-style Advent wreath. The Advent wreath is placed on a flat surface and consists of a bough of greenery formed into a circle, around which are placed four candles. A fifth candle, larger than the others and white, is placed in the center. Traditionally, the wreath is decorated with cones of fir and pine, small red mushrooms, and red and/or yellow ribbons. On each Sunday in Advent one of the four candles on the wreath is lit so that on the first Sunday, one candle is lit, on the second Sunday that one plus another is lit, and so on. The first Sunday in Advent, Grüner Sonnag (green Sunday), takes its name from the green Advent wreath. The second Sunday is called Kupferner Sonnag (copper Sunday); the third, Silberer Sonnag (silver Sunday); and the final Sunday is Goldener Sonnag (golden Sunday). On Christmas Day, the large center candle is lit. Decorated but candle-less wreaths are hung in private homes and public places.  The Adventskalender may take the form of a handcrafted box with small doors that open to reveal a small treat and/or a biblical verse each day leading up to Christmas, or it may be a "fancy" version purchased in a store. This is a way for children to mark the days until Christmas. Advent time is also the time for community Christmas parties at the German American Community Center and at the Deutsches Haus. Both feature holiday foods and live music performed by community members in the German language. A highlight of the Deutsches Haus party is the appearance of "a more authentic" version of St. Nicholas rather than the Dutch-American Santa Claus popularized by Clement Moore.  In German tradition, Christmas Eve rather than Christmas Day is the height of the season. This evening is called der Heilige Abend (the Holy Evening), and is the time that the tree may first be brought into the home and decorated. In America, Germans must balance the desire for a traditional Christmas with the demands of American holiday-making. This is a time when German families talk about the importance of this night, commemorating the night the Christ child was born. In German custom the belief is that it is the Christkindl (Christ Child) who delivers gifts as he himself received them on the evening of his birth. The custom of the Christmas tree may have begun in Germany, was certainly prevalent there for centuries, and was popularized in Europe and the United States beginning in 1841 by those who admired illustrations of trees decorated for the children of Queen Victoria and the Saxon Duke Albert, Prince Consort of the United Kingdom, who was from the area now designated as Bavaria.  Straw Stars - Traditional German Christmas ornaments woven by Ingrid Schleh crop, 2007. Photo: Laura Westbrook.  Today's German Christmas trees are decorated with a mixture of store-bought and traditional ornaments-stars woven of straw, decorations of foil or glass, apples, nuts wrapped in gold foil, pastries in the shape of rings and Lebkuchen (spicy ginger biscuits), decorations of candy or marzipan, carved or crocheted angels, cones of fir or pine, candles or electric lights. Louisiana Germans report that, if candles are used, they only are lit on Christmas Eve and afterward the electric lights are used. Presents may be placed under the tree or on a nearby table for the purpose called a Gabentisch. When the adults have the tree decorated and lit, they ring a little bell to let the children know that it is time to see the tree. Often songs are sung before the children receive their presents. The exchange of gifts is called die Bescherung. The tradition of the "Christmas pickle" is becoming popular with some non-Germans as well. This is the custom in which the adults hang a pickle-shaped ornament, usually made of glass, on the tree on Christmas Eve after the young family members have gone to sleep. The child who finds the pickle the next morning trades it in to the adults for a special small prize. There are a few people who still know how to make the straw stars and for several years St. Matthew's Church operated a Christmas bazaar at which these locally handmade items and others were sold.  There is no menu for Heilige Abend or Christmas Day that is common to all Germans in Louisiana. Some prefer carp, herring salad, and Louisiana seafood, possibly carrying on an old Catholic custom of refraining from meat on Christmas. Many others prefer to serve goose as a Christmas main dish whenever they can (with turkey an acceptable substitute if necessary), or pork roast; either main course will likely be accompanied by red or white cabbage, Spätzle (little dumplings) and sauerkraut. Special desserts may be the highlight of the holiday menu. The Christmas Stollen is a dense, aromatic, bread-like fruitcake referred to in its various regional formulations as Dresdner Stollen, Weihnachtsstollen or Christstollen. The shape of the bread is thought to represent the shape of the swaddled baby Jesus, but was thought by miners to resemble the entrance to the mines (literally stollen), and over time the cake was commonly renamed so that the original name, Striezel, is all but forgotten. Several women who are active in South Louisiana's German community make Stollen as a holiday specialty and a prized gift. Other special foods of the season include marzipan cookies, der Lebkuchen; various other cookies and pastries; apples and apple butter; Gluehwein ("glow wine" or "glowing wine"), a spiced mulled wine, usually red; and spicy mulled cider. Each year at New Orleans' Jean Lafitte National Parks facility on Decatur Street, Ingrid Schleh and Frieda Arwe demonstrate techniques for making the marzipan cookies.  The twelfth and last day of the Christmas season is Heilige Drei Könige, or Drei König Tag, the Feast of the Three Kings, elsewhere called Epiphany. This is not a gift-giving day. In Germany, the custom is that, unnamed and unseen, "three kings" visit homes and businesses, leaving a chalk sign that they had been there. In America this is a day for community visiting as opposed to the family emphasis during Heilige Abend and Christmas Day. One family's traditions are described by Adrian Juttner;  My German traditions come from the Banat Schwaben, who were exterminated by the Red Army in 1945. But, I grew up in a German neighborhood [here in America]. At home, we celebrated Dreikönige [drie/three, konig/king] on January 6th. Mom would fry donuts. A quarter went in one, then a dime in another, then a penny in one. Those who picked the money became, [in descending order], the Konig, Kaiser [emperor], Hosenscheiser [rabble]. Of course, a kaiser outranks a konig, but it rhymes better that way. The hosenscheiser is the one who messed his pants-hence the brown penny. Dad usually got that one.  The food Mom would cook would be a melding of German and Hungarian fare: ribs and sauerkraut, sultz [jellied pigs' feet], blutwurst, landjagers [sausages from Cleveland], boiled beef with horseradish, Eszterhazy rosteos [beef], guljas [Hungarian beef and vegetable soup], Chicken Paprikash, eggs with paprika, galuska [tiny dumplings], Hungarian cucumber salad, wiener schnitzel [breaded, pan-fried veal strips], and-worst of all-kidney stew! The smell of it boiling would make me declare, "I know what's cookin' today!" When she died, she left a pot of ribs and sauerkraut behind.  The Maibaum at the German American Cultural Center's Maifest, New Orleans, 2007. Photo: Laura Westbrook.  The Christmas season is most often mentioned in interviews and articles about German holiday customs, but other less well-known seasonal customs are also observed in Louisiana. The medieval custom of heralding the beginning of spring, Maifest ("May Day" in other cultures, though Maifest is not always celebrated on May 1st as is May Day), is spreading in popularity across the United States. This custom has its roots in pre-Christian agricultural rites entreating fertility for crops, livestock, and the human population. In Germany this is an occasion for planting, but as respondents point out, in Louisiana May is late for first planting, so this aspect has been dropped or has become merely ceremonial. In Germany, the Maypole or Maibaum artistically documents the various trades that are practiced in each town, and they are prominently displayed as expressions of community pride for the entire month or longer. The Maibaum and the winding, ribbon-braiding dance around it symbolize the rekindled hope and energy of spring. This is also a time to re-connect with neighbors, to dance, sing, and drink outdoors after the cold winter.  Here in south Louisiana, the German American Cultural Community Center in Gretna has an outdoor Maifest with music and food, though the Maibaum is only up during the festivities. Maifest, now also celebrated as Volksfest (the people's festival), has been celebrated in Louisiana for decades, and visitors to the grounds of the German American Cultural Center or the Deutsches Haus can enjoy the camaraderie of the celebrants and partake of the varied sausages, pastries, and beers on offer, as well as the breads, kraut and cabbage, and special large pretzels. Frieda Arwe remembers the Maifests of her childhood in the Frankfurt area:  In Germany, they go for hikes, bike rides, celebrating the springtime. And in cities like the city my husband is from, the city of Bruschal near Heidelberg, that city is known for their Maifest. They have this Maipole, the Maibaum, and it has a huge wreath and bands flowing down. And then they have each trade-let's say you have a plumber, you have a butcher, you have a baker, each organization, and they have a coat of arms and that's carved in the Maipole or that's painted on the Maipole. And they get together-like I said, the baker, the butcher, the candlestick maker-the guilds-and they dance around the Maipole. And they have the youth groups that dance around the Maipole. And in my husband's town, they bake pretzels, they bake huge pretzels, not like the ones here, they bake them from a special dough, and they even have a song about the Maipretzel, and the most famous song they all sing is that (sings in German), translation, "May has arrived; The trees are blooming and sprouting; Everyone is on the go; The ones who don't want to participate, they just have to stay home while the others are celebrating," something like that.  In Louisiana, the decorations on the Maibaum are usually a wreath of spring flowers at the top of the pole, with colorful streamers affixed to the center. In decades past, there have been dances at public events and also in schools; more recent events may feature the May dance but this is not performed with regularity anymore. Several people who participated in interviews expressed the desire to revive the dance and, since it has not had time to fall out of memory or direct experience, this is entirely possible. The traditional Maibaum dance begins with each dancer holding the end of a ribbon, so that they form a circle of dancers around the pole and the ribbons are fairly taut. Usually one dancer is male, the next female, and so on, and there is an even number of dancers. The dancers alternate facing clockwise and counterclockwise. Each dancer moves in the direction he or she faces, passing one person on the right, the next on the left, and so on. The greatest challenge is toward the end of the dance when ribbons shorten; outside dancers must lift their ribbons in order for inside dancers to pass beneath them, then the inside dancers are on the outside and must repeat the action until the ribbons become too short to work with and the music ends. At this point the ribbons form a braid around the Maibaum, decorating it for the day or until another dance. Sometimes the dancers all turn and then unwind the ribbons using the same technique. Today only the Cultural Center has a Maibaum, and its vestigial ribbons are purely ornamental, but this may change.  Gail Perry, now of St. Tammany Parish, recalls Maifests of her New Orleans childhood:  For over a hundred years all of the public and private schools in New Orleans celebrated a May Festival with music, maypoles, performances, etc. This was a given, and probably stems from the German influence. My favorite school Maifest was the one in 1950 when my 8th grade class at Robert E. Lee School on Carrollton Avenue performed a dance to "Buttons and Bows." All of the girls had made their own skirts in Home Economics class at the school. The boys wore matching bowties. There was a raised stage for the performances, and each class had a dance or musical performance.  Foods associated with Maifest are hearty whole-grain breads, ham, cheeses, mustards, pickles, and baked goods. Beverages include Maibock (May beer) and Maiwein, a white wine flavored with Waldmeister (sweet woodruff). Waldmeister grows wild in Germany but the wild American version is not palatable. It can be grown in containers here, though, and the young spring sprigs used to flavor the distinctive special-occasion wine. A group of local cooks, none of whom rely on written recipes for familiar dishes, have reviewed the following recipe (compiled from notes by the author) and agree that it will produce a fine Maiwein.  Place in a bowl or pitcher:  12 sprigs of young woodruff 11/2 cup powdered sugar 1 bottle of Mosel, Saar-Ruwer, or similar German dry white wine 1 cup brandy Cover the mixture for 30 minutes, but not longer. Remove the sweet woodruff. Stir and pour over a block of ice placed in a large punch bowl. Add: 3 bottles of Mosel, Saar-Ruwer, or similar German dry white wine 1 quart carbonated water, or German sparkling wine Decorate the Maiwein, or May Punch, with thinly sliced oranges, sticks of pineapple, and sprigs of sweet woodruff.  Oktoberfest is not, as anthropologists define it, a folk festival since its modern origins are clearly known, and it has its roots in the celebration of an elite event, a wedding among Bavarian royalty. However, among German immigrants to other countries where it is celebrated, Oktoberfest serves to bring together people of German descent who maintain their German celebrations, language, and other customs. The event dates to 1810, when citizens of Munich were invited to celebrate the royal wedding of Bavarian Crown Prince Ludwig and Princess Therese of Saxe-Hildburghausen. The public festival honoring the newlyweds included horse races, games, and foods. The first agricultural show presenting Bavarian food products was added the following year, and in 1819 the city of Munich became the official organizer of the event.  Today in Germany, at noon on September 17, the lord mayor of Munich cracks the first barrel of Oktoberfest beer with a traditional announcement of "O'zapft is!" ("The beer is tapped!"), signifying the opening of the city's Oktoberfest celebration. Over the years, carousels and other midway rides have replaced horse races, but the largest attractions are the foods and the Biergartens (outdoor cafés arranged for visiting).  More than 150 Oktoberfest events are held throughout the United States in cities and towns where German culture, food and beverages are celebrated. This two-week festival is held annually during late September and early October. With some six million people attending the Bavarian event every year, and millions of others celebrating all over the world, it is easily the world's largest fair. Traditionally, the event takes place during the 16 days up to and including the first Sunday in October. In Louisiana, Oktoberfest celebrations open with a ceremonial keg-tapping, modeled after that in Munich, by a person of honor in the German community or by locals enacting ceremonial roles as Ludwig and Therese. A special Oktoberfest beer, slightly darker and stronger, is brewed for the occasion. Visitors also consume large quantities of traditional hearty foods such as sausages of various kinds, Hendl (chicken), Käsespätzle (cheese noodles), cabbage rolls, several recipes of potato salad, sauerkraut, and special large home-made pretzels similar to those served at Maifest.  The German-American Cultural Center sponsors a "German village" at the October Gretna Heritage Festival, and the Deutsches Haus's Oktoberfest lasts five weekends and is so popular that visitors wait in lines around the block to enter, and may have trouble finding room on the crowded dance floor to dance to the live German music played by local musicians. Numerous participants wear Alpine hats, Lederhosen, Bundhosen (leather or cloth breeches), short embroidered Miesbacher jackets, dirndl dresses, and some serve refreshments in peasant garb. The event primarily features a Biergarten where members and visitors can sing together, and enjoy foods, drinks, and gemütlichkeit (a sense of belonging, cheerful acceptance, or peaceful quality time) while listening to the music.  Music  Today's Germans will happily tell anyone, "Where there are Germans, there is music," and this has always been true in Louisiana. Current residents who moved here from Germany report that they learned music from family in their homes and also at school. In fact, schools provided children with books containing traditional folk songs specifically so that there would be a shared repertoire of music that all Germans could sing together. Soldiers were provided with similar books when they were sent out of the country, so that they could retain that familiar connection to their homeland. Sevilla Finley, Marietta Herr, and others proudly display for guests in their homes or at the German American Community Center examples of these patriotic collections of traditional folk songs. Here in Louisiana, in the few schools that offer a music program, German music is not an option. However, with a long history of activity in Louisiana, German music is alive and well in private homes and community gatherings.  German poetry, theatre, and, above all, music have a long history in New Orleans. German children grow up listening to the music that, in America, is dubbed "classical," and generally not considered to be of interest to children, and so today's Germans sing arias along with folk tunes, much as early New Orleanians of all cultures once did. In November of 1866, the German National Theatre was established at the corner of Baronne and Perdido streets, where Mozart's Die Zauberflöte (1868) and Beethoven's Fidelio (1870) were among the first large-scale German-language productions. In 1877 the Varieties Theatre on Canal Street, later known as the Grand Opera House, mounted Italian-language productions of Der Fliegende Holländer, Lohengrin, and Tannhäuser. During the holiday season of 1895, however, the city rhapsodized over Walter Damrosch's staging, in German, of three of Wagner's "Ring" operas (Die Walküre, Siegfried, and Götterdämmerung), as well as Lohengrin, Tannhäuser, Tristan und Isolde, Die Meistersinger, and Beethoven's Fidelio. The two largest early music publishers in the South, with which locals are still familiar, were Gruenwald and Werlein. These families, along with the Turnverein, sponsored numerous musical celebrations that featured both German and popular music.  The Damenchor (Women's Choir) is lead by Pastor Heinz Neumann at the Deutsche Seemannsmission (German Seamen's Mission), 2007. Photo: Laura Westbrook.  The Mäennerchor (men's choir) and the Damenchor (women's choir) date back to this period and are still very active today. The earliest forms of these clubs were singing societies that perpetuated traditional choral music, as well as both German and German-American culture, while providing gemüetlichkeit for new immigrants. These large groups sing regularly on Friday nights at the Deutsches Haus after meals and visiting. While the choir members go to sing upstairs and some of the other clubs go off to meeting rooms, still more members remain in the main gathering room to hear concerts, eat and drink, and visit. Karlheinz von Bargen, who sings with the Mäennerchor, explains that the music helps to maintain a feeling of connection to Germany and also solidifies ties among Louisiana's residents of German heritage:  Friday night singing and music at Deutsches Haus, New Orleans, 2007. Photo: Courtesy of Stewart Eastman.  At home, we sing with parents, and also with friends. That goes on even here in New Orleans. People sing, even after the rehearsal of singing! We'll sit down here and sing all the old Volksmusik (folk music). The music that connects one most to Germany is the Volksmusik. Sometimes they like to sing old Schlagers. A Schalger is more of the hit music. When they have parties in Germany they sing all kinds of songs, even jazz if they can. We do that here, too. It is important to keep the language going and also to remember all the songs, you know.  You don't have to be perfect. And nobody here complains about the singing. Everybody sings along. Either it's correct or not correct; it doesn't matter. Once you are in a party and there are sings, it doesn't matter if you can sing or not because everybody sings.  Many who participated in interviews echoed Mr. von Bargen's comments about the importance of enjoying music over striving for technical perfection, and of music's ability to elevate the quality of life through beauty and camaraderie. Damenchor president Gail Perry shares these sentiments and points out that pride in German cultural heritage does not conflict in any way with pride in being an American as well, an important concept stressed by many German Americans.  I became a member of the Damenchor for two reasons: I wanted to practice my German as I was taking German language lessons, and I thought it important to keep German song alive in this country. There is also an indescribable feeling that comes over me when I hear some of the traditional lieder [popular German art songs often performed at home or in intimate settings, which rely heavily on vocal range and power]. Could it be in my genes? I don't really know, except that no other nation's song has the same effect. The German community wants to preserve its history and culture just as every other national group attempts to do the same. We are a melting pot, but we don't have to be totally unrecognizable! Being a citizen of the USA comes first, of course, but we do want to know our roots.  Another musical custom with which all Germans in this area are familiar is the traditional Schnitzelbank. This musical form has been traced by historians to 18th-century Germany and also to Holland, Czechoslovakia, Hungary, and other central European countries. To call it a song, with the implication that its lyrics are unchanging, would be misleading. The Schnitzelbank is a singsong method of teaching basic German words and expressions to children in a humorous way. This is the association most often made among German Americans today, and non-German children, due to Steven Spielberg's televised cartoon series "Animaniacs!," which employs the form to teach its audience basic German, are becoming familiar with the form as well.  However, the history of the Schnitzelbank extends beyond children's rhymes. Historically, the musical form has been used as the basis for social and political satire, much as the themes for some of the more local Mardi Gras krewes parody current events. In Germany today, "secret" Schnitzelbank societies gather for the pre-Lenten Karnival festivities, composing and performing versions of the song that lampoon current events, politicians, and other authority figures. The word Schnitzelbank translates literally as "a cutter's bench," but the musical form takes its name from a play on this word. The slang usage of the word "schnitzel" refers to a joke or to a person who is a "cut-up" or jokester, and "bank" as the bench, podium or stage on which the jokester performs. In today's Germany one can still find professional "Schnitzelbankers" who, for a fee, will write a Schnitzelbank song in the traditional form that addresses the contemporary issues specified by the patron.  When the song is used in the most common way, as a guide to language development, it often accompanies a lesson that is drawn out or even carved on a wooden sign. The Deutsches Haus has one of these carved signs and some members have their own wooden, paper, or canvas versions, and occasionally on special events parents and grandparents will sing the song while pointing out the appropriate carvings and drawings to the children.  Traditions Ripe for Revival  There are several customs that have been maintained until recently; some were halted by Hurricane Katrina and others have slowly ebbed until decisions must be made about whether, and how, to bring them back while they are still part of the direct experience of community members. In this category, people interviewed for this project have mentioned the processions that occasionally precede Maifest; the Maipole dances as a regular annual event; the Weihnachtsmarkt (Christmas bazaar), including the craft workshops that led up to it; and Fasching (Carnival). The Maifest traditions have been described earlier in this essay. Following are some descriptions of the Weihnachtsmarkt and Fasching. Louisiana readers may be surprised to learn about Fasching as it is celebrated in Germany and by some Germans in this country.  Frieda Arwe describes the holiday bazaar:  We used to have these workshops, before Christmas or during the year after people got back from vacation, where we would do Christmas stars and we would paint walnuts for ornaments and we would do all different things. We used to have the Weihnachtsmarkt, the Christmas bazaar, we called it, at the German Seemannsmission and then at St. Matthew's Church of Christ, and it was huge! We had the whole upstairs floor at St. Matthew's where they have now the theater. We had that whole room and we would serve food; we would serve German potato salad, and sauerkraut and sausage; our cakes were a howling success, each year I used to make a dozen cheesecakes.  Ingrid Schleh of Harahan agrees:  The yearly Christmas bazaar was always held on the Saturday before Thanksgiving. I believe it started in the early seventies. (I remember driving home from the bazaar and listening to Nixon's "I am not a crook" speech.) When it was at the Mission, leading up to the bazaar we had weekly workshops making different straw stars and we used also colored aluminum foil.  It was a small beginning; people really went for the cakes and cookies. We also had some German toys and different odds and ends. Everything was provided by the Friends of the German Seamen's Mission, with much help and support from the German Council and its members. The Christmas Bazaar became an annual event. From almost the beginning I was in charge of the cake table, which always made the most money. Most of the cakes and cookies were donated but we also bought some from a couple of German bakeries such as the Bonbonniere. The ladies were dressed in dirndls mostly [a traditional dress style with a fitted bodice, short sleeves, and gathered skirt]; lots of friends, neighbors and even strangers came to eat and buy, and it became very successful.  I think everybody had a good time-surely I did-meeting many different people, eating the food, and gazing at the cakes! I like to say that the members of the choir, with Helga Neumann as director, and the board members were especially active in preparing the affair. Heinz Neumann was the host and tied everything together with his family, his wife Helga, daughter Karen, and sons Gunnar and Guenther. He usually addressed the crowd before the bazaar with a few words, and we all finished with the song "Kein schöner Land" [volksong, "No More Beautiful Land"] which we sang with great enthusiasm after a successful bazaar.  Germans refer to the pre-Lenten Fastnacht or Karneval season as die närrische Saison ("the foolish season") or die fünfte Jahreszeit ("the fifth season"). Depending on the region, the Fasching season begins either January 7 (the day after Dreikönige) or on Elfter im Elften (the 11th day of the 11th month). In Germany organizations called Zünfte (guilds, similar to krewes) are arranged into members and royalty, and hold balls and parades until a big final event on Aschermittwoch (Ash Wednesday), when die Fastenzeit (Lent) begins. Many of Germany's Catholic regions celebrate Karneval, as do some Protestant areas in the northern and eastern parts of the country. The largest and most well known observations are those of Köln (Cologne), Mainz, München (Munich), and Rottweil; specific traditions and even dates vary according to local custom. The Bavarian Fasching culminates on Faschingsdienstag (Shrove Tuesday), as does Mardi Gras.  New Orleanians of German heritage have observed Fasching in years past, along with Mardi Gras, but the future of this dual celebration is unclear for various reasons. Deutsches Haus member Stewart Eastman explains one reason:  At the Deutsches Haus, Fasching has been celebrated in recent years along with Mardi Gras. The Haus was open with food, music, and beer the evening that the Endymion parade passed. This, for years, was only a block from the Haus. Whether the Haus continues [the tradition] if Endymion does not return to the Mid City route remains to be seen.  Another reason that the future of Fasching is in doubt is that the Deutsches Haus itself is in jeopardy. The Deutsches Haus membership of roughly 300 is apprehensive about a planned expansion to the LSU biomedical complex. As of this writing, towers are slated to be built on the spot occupied by the Haus and plans call for call for the closure of Galvez Street. Opinions differ on whether it would be possible to move the 80 year old building. A response issued by the newly-formed organization called "Save the Haus," headed by musician and Haus member Rocky Troxler, stipulates: "It is very important to know that we fully support and welcome the hospitals as a great asset to the city." Members and those who have enjoyed its activities are keeping a close watch on these developments.,  Clearly, Germans found ways to thrive amidst the cultural climate, the people, and the traditions they encountered in Louisiana during the days of earliest settlement and, though there have been tense times since, contemporary Germans arriving in Louisiana continue to find similar customs and an established community eager to help them to assimilate and also to retain their cultural heritage. Louisiana's German and German-American population is working to counter the forces that can erode the continuation of cultural practice-migration within families, demands on time, the challenges of interesting young people in traditional customs and arts, scattered population centers, development, even weather-but are organized enough to work toward this goal and have demonstrated interest in building on the New Populations project by documenting their own culture.  Sources  1. Archives Nationales, Ministere des Colonies, Messidor [June 19-July 18] 6, Col., C 13 A, vol. 52, fol. 199, quoted in Ellen C. Merrill, Germans of Louisiana.  2, Ashkenazi, Elliott. The Business of Jews in Louisiana, 1840-1875. Tuscaloosa: U of Alabama P, 1988. p. 6.  3. Fossier, Albert E. New Orleans: The Glamour Period, 1800-1840, a History of the Conflicts of Nationalities, Languages, Religion, Morals, Cultures, Law. New Orleans: Pelican, 1957. p 20.  4. Berthoff, Rowland T. "Southern Attitudes toward Immigration, 1865-1914." Journal of Southern History 17 (1951): 42-49. p. 328-45.  5. Merrill, Ellen C. Germans of Louisiana. Gretna, LA: Pelican Press. 2005.  6. Bischof, Güenter J. Letter to the Times-Picayune, March 30, 2007.  7. "German New Orleans: Highlighting German Heritage in New Orleans." Greater New Orleans Educational Television Foundation. 2004.  8. Higgins, Earl. The Joy of Y'at Catholicism. Gretna, Louisiana: Pelican Press. 2007.  9. Lind, Angus. "Roamin' Catholics: New book celebrates the pervasiveness of 'Y'at Catholicism.'" In The Times- Picayune, Friday, June 22, 2007.  10. Simon Hubig website. http://www.hubigs.com/portal.aspx?tabid=11  Laura Westbrook is a folklorist in New Orleans. As the Regional Folklorist at the University of New Orleans, she prepared this article in 2008 as part of the New Populations Project.  JUMP TO … Background Early Expressions of German Culture in Louisiana Changing Times Tradition and Contemporary Culture Food and Holidays Music Traditions Ripe for Revival Sources  TOP OF PAGE RELATED RESOURCES Germans in Southeast Louisiana A Kinder, Gentler St. Nicholas: Transformation and Meaning in a "Louisiana German" Tradition Louisiana's Traditional Cultures: An Overview Office of Cultural Development  © 1999-2019  Louisiana Division of the Arts | Office of Cultural Development | Dept. of Culture, Recreation & Tourism  Louisiana Folklife Program, PO Box 44247, Baton Rouge, LA 70804, tel 225-342-8180  CREDITS • CONTACT US/LINK TO US
website. http://www.hubigs.com/portal.aspx?tabid=11  Laura Westbrook is a folklorist in New Orleans. As the Regional Folklorist at the University of New Orleans, she prepared this article in 2008 as part of the New Populations Project.  JUMP TO … Background Early Expressions of German Culture in Louisiana Changing Times Tradition and Contemporary Culture Food and Holidays Music Traditions Ripe for Revival Sources  TOP OF PAGE RELATED RESOURCES Germans in Southeast Louisiana A Kinder, Gentler St. Nicholas: Transformation and Meaning in a "Louisiana German" Tradition Louisiana's Traditional Cultures: An Overview Office of Cultural Development  © 1999-2019  Louisiana Division of the Arts | Office of Cultural Development | Dept. of Culture, Recreation & Tourism  Louisiana Folklife Program, PO Box 44247, Baton Rouge, LA 70804, tel 225-342-8180  CREDITS • CONTACT US/LINK TO US
__label__wiki 1fd0b ISIS bans skinny jeans, cigarettes and music in latest crackdown, activists say | Mashable The Mashable 101 Creator Hub Tech Science Life Social Good Entertainment Deals Shopping Games Search The Mashable 101 Creator Hub Apps & Software Artificial Intelligence Cybersecurity Cryptocurrency Mobile Smart Home Social Media Tech Industry Transportation All Tech Space Climate Change Environment All Science Family & Parenting Health & Wellness Sex, Dating & Relationships Sleep Careers Mental Health All Life Activism Gender LGBTQ Racial Justice Sustainability Politics All Social Good Games Movies Podcasts TV Shows Watch Guides All Entertainment Laptops Budget Laptops Dating Apps Sexting Apps Hookup Apps VPNs Robot Vaccuums Robot Vaccum & Mop Headphones Speakers Kindles Gift Guides Mashable Choice Mashable Selects All Sex, Dating & Relationships All Laptops All Headphones All Robot Vacuums All VPN All Shopping Games Adult Friend Finder Bumble Premium Tinder Platinum Kindle Paperwhite PS5 vs PS5 Slim All Reviews All Shopping Deals Newsletters Look Up Mashable's Best: E-readers, robovacs, laptops, earbuds, smart home and more Mashable Selects In Color Say More Gifts for Moms, Dads, and Grads Ranked Safety Net In My Bag Versus AI at School Creator Playbook All Series Mashable Shows All Videos  ISIS bans skinny jeans, cigarettes and music in latest crackdown, activists say   By  Megan Specia Mashable Image Megan Specia Megan Specia was Mashable's Assistant Real-Time News Editor and joined the team in September 2014. She received her Bachelor of Arts degree in Journalism & Mass Communications from the University of New Hampshire after growing up in the Jersey 'burbs. She made her way to New York via a four year stopover in Dublin. Megan previously worked as a journalist and editor at Storyful in both Dublin and New York. Before all of that, though, her claim to fame was as head cake arranger and purveyor of all things sweet at Queen of Tarts cafe in Dublin, where she developed a serious addiction to macarons. Read Full Bio  on April 3, 2015 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Flipboard Original image replaced with Mashable logo Original image has been replaced. Credit: Mashable  Syrian activists say the Islamic State militant group is hitting citizens of Raqqa, its de-facto capital city, with new sanctions on those who wear skinny jeans, smoke cigarettes, play music on their cellphones, and arrive late for prayers at the mosque.  The extremist Islamist group has been in control of the city since September 2013 and has gradually strengthened its grip as it continues its expansion in eastern Syria and northern Iraq, imposing its interpretation of Sunni Islam on local residents.  SEE ALSO: Why children of the west are drawn to ISIS  The activist group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently first reported on the new sanctions introduced in the city.  Due to the closed-off nature of Raqqa, the information is difficult to verify, but Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently regularly provide accurate information from inside the city.  The penalties include imprisonment for a period of ten days, during which time those being held are given an Islamic course. At the end of detention, the offender is given a test on what he has learned.  Those who don’t pass are required to pay a fine and stay imprisoned until they can pass the test, according to an activist who calls himself Abu Ward al-Raqqawi. He says he is still based in the city and relays information out to other activists who post the information on the Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently website.  "The people are angry," he told Mashable in a message. "But they can't do anything."  The crackdown isn't the first of its kind in the city. Video emerged in early 2014 of ISIS militants, who believe smoking goes against their strict religious values, burning cigarettes on the streets of Raqqa.  According to anther founder of the activist group, who goes by the pseudonym Abu Ibrahim al-Raqqawi, the new rules are just part of a larger push by ISIS to take control of the actions of the people in the city.  "Inside Raqqa City there are two different lives. There is the life for ISIS and there is the life for the people," said al-Raqqawi over the phone. "The life for the people, suffering, taxes on them, the ISIS take these taxes and give it to the ISIS fighters. There are no taxes on the ISIS fighters. There is a big wall between the civilian and ISIS fighters."  Al-Raqqawi, who is now based in Turkey but was born and raised in Raqqa, told Mashable that the group gets their information from activists and other sources in the city who use secure messaging to relay information out of the city.  "But every source in the city is our source," said al-Raqqawi.  They have 16 activists working for their group, some who are inside the city and some who have sought refuge in Turkey and Europe.  The biggest stories of the day delivered to your inbox. These newsletters may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. By clicking Subscribe, you confirm you are 16+ and agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Thanks for signing up. See you at your inbox!   • TECH     Android Antivirus Apple Artificial Intelligence Cameras Creative Software Cryptocurrency Desktops Gaming Consoles Headphones Laptops Microsoft Mobile Productivity Smart Home Social Media Speakers Tablets Tech Industry TikTok Transportation TVs VPN Wifi/Routers   • SCIENCE     Animals Climate Change Environment NASA Rocket Launches Space     GAMES     Arcade Card Casino Connections Daily Puzzles Strands Word Wordle     SOCIAL GOOD     DEALS     How we Select Deals   • ENTERTAINMENT     DC Comics Disney HBO Hulu Marvel Movies Music Peacock Pixar Podcasts Streaming TV Shows True Crime     LIFE     Careers Digital Culture Education Family & Parenting Health & Wellness House & Home Mental Health Sex, Dating & Relationships Sleep   • SHOP THE BEST     All Beauty All Earbuds All Kitchen All Robot Vacuums Bluetooth Speakers Budget Laptops Dating Apps E-Readers Gift Guides Headphones Hookup Apps iPads Kindles Laptops Mashable Choice Mashable Selects Speakers Sexting Apps Macbooks Robot Vaccuums Robot Vaccum & Mop VPNs Windows Laptops   • REVIEWS     Adult Friend Finder Bumble Premium Kindle Paperwhite PS5 vs PS5 Slim Tinder Platinum     EVENTS     Black Friday CES Cyber Monday Prime Day Samsung Galaxy Unpacked WWDC     VIDEOS   • About Mashable   • Editorial Standards   • Contact Us   • We're Hiring   • Newsletters   • Sitemap ©2005–2026 Mashable, Inc., a Ziff Davis company. All Rights Reserved. Mashable is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis and may not be used by third parties without express written permission.   • About Ziff Davis   • Privacy Policy   • Terms of Use   • Advertise   • Accessibility   • Do Not Sell My Personal Information 0
amic course. At the end of detention, the offender is given a test on what he has learned.  Those who don’t pass are required to pay a fine and stay imprisoned until they can pass the test, according to an activist who calls himself Abu Ward al-Raqqawi. He says he is still based in the city and relays information out to other activists who post the information on the Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently website.  "The people are angry," he told Mashable in a message. "But they can't do anything."  The crackdown isn't the first of its kind in the city. Video emerged in early 2014 of ISIS militants, who believe smoking goes against their strict religious values, burning cigarettes on the streets of Raqqa.  According to anther founder of the activist group, who goes by the pseudonym Abu Ibrahim al-Raqqawi, the new rules are just part of a larger push by ISIS to take control of the actions of the people in the city.  "Inside Raqqa City there are two different lives. There is the life for ISIS and there is the life for the people," said al-Raqqawi over the phone. "The life for the people, suffering, taxes on them, the ISIS take these taxes and give it to the ISIS fighters. There are no taxes on the ISIS fighters. There is a big wall between the civilian and ISIS fighters."  Al-Raqqawi, who is now based in Turkey but was born and raised in Raqqa, told Mashable that the group gets their information from activists and other sources in the city who use secure messaging to relay information out of the city.  "But every source in the city is our source," said al-Raqqawi.  They have 16 activists working for their group, some who are inside the city and some who have sought refuge in Turkey and Europe.  The biggest stories of the day delivered to your inbox. These newsletters may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. By clicking Subscribe, you confirm you are 16+ and agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Thanks for signing up. See you at your inbox!   • TECH     Android Antivirus Apple Artificial Intelligence Cameras Creative Software Cryptocurrency Desktops Gaming Consoles Headphones Laptops Microsoft Mobile Productivity Smart Home Social Media Speakers Tablets Tech Industry TikTok Transportation TVs VPN Wifi/Routers   • SCIENCE     Animals Climate Change Environment NASA Rocket Launches Space     GAMES     Arcade Card Casino Connections Daily Puzzles Strands Word Wordle     SOCIAL GOOD     DEALS     How we Select Deals   • ENTERTAINMENT     DC Comics Disney HBO Hulu Marvel Movies Music Peacock Pixar Podcasts Streaming TV Shows True Crime     LIFE     Careers Digital Culture Education Family & Parenting Health & Wellness House & Home Mental Health Sex, Dating & Relationships Sleep   • SHOP THE BEST     All Beauty All Earbuds All Kitchen All Robot Vacuums Bluetooth Speakers Budget Laptops Dating Apps E-Readers Gift Guides Headphones Hookup Apps iPads Kindles Laptops Mashable Choice Mashable Selects Speakers Sexting Apps Macbooks Robot Vaccuums Robot Vaccum & Mop VPNs Windows Laptops   • REVIEWS     Adult Friend Finder Bumble Premium Kindle Paperwhite PS5 vs PS5 Slim Tinder Platinum     EVENTS     Black Friday CES Cyber Monday Prime Day Samsung Galaxy Unpacked WWDC     VIDEOS   • About Mashable   • Editorial Standards   • Contact Us   • We're Hiring   • Newsletters   • Sitemap ©2005–2026 Mashable, Inc., a Ziff Davis company. All Rights Reserved. Mashable is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis and may not be used by third parties without express written permission.   • About Ziff Davis   • Privacy Policy   • Terms of Use   • Advertise   • Accessibility   • Do Not Sell My Personal Information 0
__label__wiki   • Home   • Forum   • Gallery   • FAQ   • Documents   • Articles   • Trips  Electric Locomotive Classes – AC Electrics  On this page   • Mixed Use Locomotives   • Dedicated Passenger Locomotives   • Dedicated Freight Locomotives  Information on DC, dual-current and other dual-traction locomotives can be found on this page.  Mixed Use Locomotives  WAM-1  Introduced between 1959 and 1960, these were the first AC electrics on IR. Made by the 50 Cycles European Group, 100 of these were delivered. They were mostly deployed by ER in the Howrah-Asansol-Dhanbad-Mughalsarai section. They were less frequently found 'upstream' in the Delhi-Kanpur-Mughalsarai section, and in the Igatpuri-Bhusaval section of the Central Railway. Mostly used for non-express passenger trains, but some were used double-headed for freight service. Some were still in operation on ER (Sealdah-Lalgola passenger, etc.) even in the late 1990s. All of them have been withdrawn from service. One is preserved at the NRM (#20202, 'Jagjivan Ram').  WAM-1 Class WAM-1 Class. Photo courtesy IRFCA Gallery.  2830hp. B-B (monomotor bogies). Ignitron rectifiers feeding four DC traction motors accepting pulsating current input. Motors are connected to the axles by a Jacquemin drive. Speed control by tap-changer on input transformer (motors permanently wired in parallel). Superstructure mounted on bogies with pendular suspension with equalizer beams. Electricals from ACEC, AEG, Alstom, Brown Boveri, Siemens and others. Jeumont transformer (20 taps), Oerlikon exhauster, Arno rotary converter. Air loco brakes, vacuum train brakes.  WAM-1 Specs Builders 50 Cycles European Group (Kraus-Maffei, Krupp, SFAC, La Brugeoise & Nivelle) Traction Motors Siemens/ACEC/Alstom MG 710A (740hp, 1250V, 480A, 1000 rpm, weight 2750kg). Fully suspended, force-ventilated. Gear Ratio 16:65 Transformer Jeumont BOT 3000 Rectifiers Four water-cooled ignitrons from SGT, each rated for 575kW/1250V Pantographs Two Faiveley AM-12 Horsepower 2830hp continuous Axle Load 18.64t Bogies B-B (Monomotor) Weight 74t Starting TE 25 tons at 33.3% adhesion Continuous TE 14.8 tons Max. Speed 112km/h Length Over Buffers 15892mm WAM-2  2870hp Mitsubishi locos delivered between 1961 and 1964. First batch of 10 locos had air brakes for the loco and vacuum train brakes, and the second batch of 26 had only vacuum brakes. These were used on ER, and sometimes ran all the way to New Delhi via Kanpur. They were also used double-headed for freight trains. Four traction motors permanently coupled in parallel are fed by ignitron rectifiers. Speed control is by a tap changer on the input transformer. Mitsubishi transformer, 20 taps. Oerlikon exhauster and compressor, Arno rotary converter. None of this class has been preserved.  WAM-2 Class WAM-2 Class. Photo courtesy IRFCA Gallery. WAM-2 Specs Builders Mitsubishi Traction Motors Mitsubishi MB 3045-A (745hp, 725V, 815A, 1000 rpm, weight 2200kg) Gear Ratio 17:66 Transformer Mitsubishi, 3000kVA Rectifiers 8 Mitsubishi water-cooled ignitrons (GU 31), rated at 725V/390A Pantographs Two Faiveley AM-12 Horsepower 2870hp Axle Load 19.1t Bogies Bo-Bo Weight 76.03t Starting TE 25.2 tons at 33.2% adhesion Continuous TE 14.5 tons Max. Speed 112km/h Length Over Buffers 15000mm WAM-3  Only two of these locos existed (both at Asansol, #20333, #20337). These were basically the same as WAM-2 locos, but with reversed pantographs and Mitsubishi traction motors from a different batch, and silicon rectifiers (type SF-0C20R (725V/2260kW), rectifier cell SR200F) instead of ignitrons. They came along with the second batch of 26 WAM-2 locos. These locos were ordered with silicon rectifiers to improve reliability and hence putting them to use in ER's suburban sections for push-pull operations.  For other specifications, refer to WAM-2 class above.  WAM-4  First introduced in 1970-71, and made by CLW, this class was IR's workhorse AC electric locomotive for well over 20 years. They were born of the desire to address problems with the WAM-1 (reliability, inadequate adhesion etc.). They use the same Co-Co asymmetric ALCo trimount bogies as the successful WDM-2 diesel class. These locos feature rheostatic braking, and MU capability. They have silicon rectifiers. MU operation up to 4 units possible. Air brakes for loco and vacuum train brakes fitted as original equipment (though many converted to dual and fully air-braked to match rolling stock.) Auxiliaries from Westinghouse and Kirloskar (compressors), S F India (blowers), Northey (exhauster), etc.  WAM-4 Class WAM-4 Class. Photo courtesy IRFCA Gallery.  This class proved so successful by virtue of its ruggedness suitable for Indian conditions and simplicity of maintenance, that IR used this basic design for a number of other locos later (WCAM-1, WAG-5A, WCG-2, and some WAP models). Given how long they were in production, a large number of variants existed, both serially produced and modified by various sheds and workshops. WAM-4B's were regeared versions for freight use and many were later modified and converted to other classes (See below). WAM-4P locos were intended for passenger operations, with some regearing and usually allowing all-parallel operation of some or all of the traction motors. WAM-4P D (dual brakes), WAM-4P DB 6P, WAM-4 6P DB HS, and WAM-4 6P D (these were for superfast trains), WAM-4P DB 3P and WAM-4 2S-3P (some superfasts, passengers), and WAM-4P DB 4P (generally for stopping passengers). The 'DB' or 'D' generally, but perhaps not always, indicates dual-brake capability. 'HS' for 'high speed'.  '2S', '3P', '6P', etc. indicate traction motors connected in series or parallel. The WAM-4 has six traction motors, and originally they were wired to be available in different configurations at different power settings. At notches up to 14, all motors were in series (at notch 14 all resistors dropping out); up to notch 21 in series-parallel combinations (three pairs of motors in series, the pairs themselves being in parallel); and further notches with all motors in parallel (at notch 30 all motors are in parallel with resistors dropping out). The WAM-4 locos were later reconfigured to have all motors always in parallel (6P variants) or with the three series-connected pairs in parallel (2S 3P variants). Some WAM-4 locos from CLW were thought to have had the 2S 3P configuration right from the start. The 2S 3P configuration was better for the mixed traffic loads especially as it allowed the locos to start hauling larger loads without stalling. With increasing use of the WAM-4 locos for passenger traffic the all-parallel configuration was deemed more desirable since it allowed higher speeds and higher acceleration. Some other odd combinations of these suffixes have been sighted, such as WAM 4+6P+DB+HS and WAM-4 6P-E.  Many WAM-4 had their MU capability disabled for a long time, before the Tughlakabad shed began restoring them for its fleet to handle high speed container freight operations. WAG-5/WAG-5B locos with road numbers 21101 to 21138 all used to be WAM-4B locos. They were regeared and modified to be suitable for hauling heavier freight loads.  With the introduction of dedicated passenger and freight locos from the mid-90s, these locos began seeing decreasing use, often relegated to either shunting or short distance passenger running. Many sheds began scrapping their holdings from 2013 onwards. As of August 2022, there are only 8 of this class left, all in inferior service at sheds and workshops. These are expected to be scrapped soon. A few of them have been preserved or plinthed at various locations on IR (Bhusawal, Jhansi, Hubballi, CLW etc.)  WAM-4 Specs Builders CLW Traction Motors Alstom TAO 659 A1 (798hp, 750V, 840A, 1095rpm, 2800kg) Gear Ratio 15:62 originally; 21:58 for WAM-4P later Transformer HEIL (later BHEL) BOT 3460 A, 22.5kV/3460kVA Rectifiers Two silicon rectifier cells, 1270V/1000A each cubicle Pantographs Two Faiveley AM-12 Horsepower 3690hp continous Axle Load 18.8t Bogies Co-Co trimount (ALCo) Weight 112.8t Starting TE 30 tons Max. Speed 120km/h Length Over Buffers 19975mm YAM-1  These were IR's only mainline metre gauge AC electric locomotives. 20 in number (18 ordered first, two later) were supplied by Mitsubishi in 1964 and worked the line between Madras and Villupuram on SR. 1600hp locos with B-B monomotor bogies (DC motors permanently coupled in parallel). Air brakes for loco, vacuum train brakes. Oerlikon compressor and exhauster, Arno rotary convertors.  They were in service until 2004 when their operating lines were converted to broad gauge. On June 30, 2004, the last YAM-1 run took place, minutes after the last MG EMU service on the Chennai network reached the Tambaram station. Two of this class are preserved – one at CLW (#21912) and one at the Regional Museum at ICF, Chennai (#21909).  YAM-1 Class YAM-1 Class. Photo courtesy IRFCA Gallery. YAM-1 Specs Builders Mitsubishi Traction Motors ACEC/Alstom/Siemens MG1420. Fully suspended, force-ventilated. 5600kg. 1080kW, 1250V, 920A, 630 rpm Gear Ratio 3.95:1 Transformer Mitsubishi 'Shell Sub', 1690kVA, 25 taps Rectifiers Secheron excitron rectifiers, type A268 (four), 510A/1250V Pantographs Two Faiveley AM-12 Horsepower 1600hp Axle Load 13t Bogies B-B (monomotors) Weight 52t Starting TE 19.5 tons Continuous TE 13.6 tons Max. Speed 80km/h Length Over Buffers 13150mm  Dedicated Passenger Locomotives  WAP-1  Built by CLW to RDSO specifications beginning in 1980, these were the first in the dedicated electric passenger loco series. These locos were used solely for the Howrah-Delhi Rajdhani at first. A single WAP-1 (#22001) was all that was needed to haul the 18-coach Rajdhani at a max. speed of 120 km/h. Power 3760hp; starting TE 22.4t, continuous TE 13.8t. Loco weight is 112.8t. Motors are grouped in 2S-3P combination and weak field operation is available. Elgi compressors, Northey exhausters, S F India blowers. The locos were originally not designed for MU operation but were later modified to allow MU'ing. Loco air brakes and vacuum train brakes but retrofitted for dual train brakes later.  WAP-1 Clas WAP-1 Class. Photo courtesy IRFCA Gallery.  The original WAP-1 locos were modified and re-geared versions of the WAM-4, classified as WAM-4R. Rated max. speed is 130km/h (some documents suggest 140km/h). Some (5?) with Flexicoil Mark II bogies were classified WAP-1 FM II and later WAP-3. Two WAP-1 units were also converted to WAP-6. One of them, #22212, the first prototype WAP-6, was then converted to a WAP-4. Many WAP-1 were converted to WAP-4's by a complete retrofit including new traction motors, new transformers, etc. These upgrades did not result in the 'R' suffix in the road number that is typical for rebuilt locos. Of the class that remain as WAP-1, almost all have had large modifications made to their shell - redesigned frame around the wheels, top mounted headlights, wider and taller windscreens etc.  As of August 2022, 59 of this class are still in service, mostly at Erode and Izzatnagar sheds, with many on the verge of retirement given their age. One, #22004 is preserved at the Arakkonam shed.  Variants  WAP-3: Originally classified as WAP-1 FMII, these are essentially same as WAP-1 but with different Flexicoil bogies (Flexicoil Mark II for the earlier ones, and Flexicoil Mark 4 (fabricated bogies) for some of the later ones, etc.). The first WAP-3 "Jawahar", #22005, Jan. 4, 1987) was used for the Taj Exp. These locos could only haul 19-coach rakes for the Rajdhani and other prestigious Express trains for which they had been designed, and further required assisting locos on moderately graded sections, and so did not meet their design goals. Max. speed 140km/h. All units were converted back to the WAP-1 beginning 1997.  WAP-3 Clas WAP-3 Class. Photo courtesy IRFCA Gallery. WAP-1 Specs Builders CLW Traction Motors Alstom/CLW - TAO 659 (770hp, 750V, 1095 rpm) Axle-hung, nose-suspended, force-ventilated Gear Ratio 58:21 Transformer BHEL type HETT-3900, 3900 kVA, 32 taps Rectifiers Two silicon rectifiers, with S18FN35 cells (by Hind Rectifier) with 64 cells per unit. 2700A/1050V Pantographs Two Faiveley AM-12 Horsepower 3900hp (3790hp continuous) Axle Load 18.05t Bogies Co-Co Flexicoil (cast steel bogies); primary and secondary wheel springs with bolsters Weight 108.3t Starting TE 22.4 tons Continuous TE 13.8 tons Max. Speed 130km/h Length Over Buffers 18794 WAP-2  These were a very odd experimental class. A few WAM-2 were re-geared and fitted with modified flexicoil fabricated bogies to increase their speeds and stability. These locos were found only on ER. On rare occasions these locos were used to haul the Howrah Raj in the early 1980s. There are thought to have been only 4 of these, and they were decommissioned in the late 1980s.  WAP-4  Built between 1994 and 2015, these are the more powerful cousins of the WAP-1, with Hitachi H5 15250 motors. 5000hp (later 5350hp). Rated at 140km/h. The need to run longer passenger trains (24 to 26 coaches as against the 19-coach capacity of the WAP-1/WAP-3 locos), and also to eliminate the need for bankers in graded sections led RDSO to consider an upgraded design of the WAP-1 loco and the WAP-4 loco design was published in November 1993. Indigenously designed higher power rated silicon rectifiers and 5400kVA transformer. Locomotive reliability is also increased by the use of Hitachi traction motors. Air brakes for loco and train. Different underframe design to handle larger buffing loads. Cast bogie, Flexicoil Mark 1 design. Weight kept to 112t by the use of aluminium plates, thinner underframe, and reducing some components such as extra sanders. Motors grouped in 6P combination; weak field operation possible.  WAP-4 Class WAP-4 Class (old livery and shell design). Photo courtesy IRFCA Gallery.  These locos underwent many minor modifications throughout their production run. In 2000, twin-beam headlights were added. In the mid-2000s, they started being fitted with train-parting/pressure loss alarms, and data recorders for speed, energy consumption, etc. These locos also feature roof mounted twin beam headlights, square WAP-5 type windscreens and a digital notch repeater along with a better layout and good seats for the drivers. A few were provided with signalling lamps on the sides but this does not have seem to have been uniform.  WAP-4 Class (new shell) WAP-4 Class (newer shell design). Photo courtesy IRFCA Gallery.  There are over 700 of this class still in operation as of February 2022, hauling mostly trains running with ICF stock. A few experiments to fit them with hotel load capabilities did not succeed so they are not often assigned to LHB stock (with run with HOG capable WAP-7). The first batch of WAP-4 were multi-unit capable, but most of the newer ones aren't. However, starting in 2020, there have been directives to revive or retrofit MU capabilities in these locos. With their dwindling passenger train use, it was felt that they might be used MU'ed for fast freight operations.  Note on the traction motors: The Alstom-designed 770hp TAO motors used in the WAP-1 and WAP-3 were seen as the weak link in the reliability of the locos for passenger train use. At the time, Hitachi motors of 840hp were in use on freight locos and had very high reliability, but adapting them for use with a passenger loco proved a formidable challenge because of the weight constraints. The WAP-4 design efforts involved many modifications for weight reduction, including a lighter underframe, aluminium foil-wound transformer, and the use of aluminium chequered plates, and these have allowed the use of the heavier, but more powerful and more reliable Hitachi motors on the WAP-4 locos.  Variants  WAP-6: All are now converted back to WAP-4. One or two prototypes were built early from existing WAP-1 or WAP-4 locos without renumbering. WAP-4 #22212 (formerly a WAP-1) was the first to be converted to a WAP-6; Later 16 were built, all in the number series 22400-22416. All featured high-adhesion fabricated bogies (Flexicoil Mark IV) which are somewhat similar to the ALCo Hi-Adhesion bogies, a lighter underframe, reduced no. of sanders etc. They were intended for service at 160km/h but failed trials and were restricted to a top speed of 105km/h. They were all based at Asansol shed (on ER).  WAP-4 Specs Builders CLW Traction Motors Hitachi HS15250 (630kW, 750V, 900A. 895rpm. Weight 3500kg). Axle-hung, nose-suspended, force ventilated, taper roller bearings. Gear Ratio 23:58 Transformer HETT-5000kVA initially, later HETT-5400kVA; 32-taps Rectifiers Two silicon rectifiers; S18FN350 cells (Hind Rectifier or Stesalit) with 64 cells per unit. 2700A/1050V. Pantographs Two Stone India AM-12 (many types later - Schunk, Faiveley, Contransys) Horsepower 5000hp (later 5350hp) Axle Load 18.8t Bogies Co-Co Flexicoil Mark-1 cast Weight 112.8t Starting TE 30.8 tons Continuous TE 19.6 tons Max. Speed 140km/h (Tested at 169.5km/h) Length Over Buffers 18794 WAP-5  Bo-Bo, 3-phase all AC locomotives, based on Swiss Lok 2000 design. First batch of 10 were imported from ABB/AdTranz in 1995 (actually 11, but one #30008 was damaged by fire in transit and deemed unusable on arrival.) CLW has since been manufacturing them. Initial units all had GTO thyristors for traction control, but units post #30082 are IGBT based. Rated top speed is 160km/h, although in trials a WAP-5 loco is said to have been run at 184km/h. Initial rating was 5450hp, but improvements to the control software have resulted in power delivery of 6000hp to the wheels. Auxiliaries from ABB, Howden Safanco, BEHR, etc. 78t weight. Fully suspended motors.  WAP-5 class loco WAP-5 Class. Photo courtesy IRFCA Gallery.  Other notable features of this loco are the provision of taps from the main loco transformers for hotel load, pantry loads, flexible gear coupling, wheel-mounted disc brakes, and a potential for speed enhancement to 200km/h. Braking systems include regenerative braking (160kN), loco disc brakes, automatic train air brakes, and a charged spring parking brake. MU operation possible with a maximum of two locos. Initially, these locos were intended for use with high-speed medium load trains such as the Rajdhani and Shatabdi trains, but have since been used on heavier loads. They were originally only homed at Ghaziabad shed (NR), but Vadodara (WR) started receiving a large number of them when the Mumbai network became all AC. They are now also now based at Howrah.  After the first four were built by CLW, there was a pause in the manufacture of this class at CLW. A problem with the Hurth coupling and its indigenous replacement were the cause of the delay (IR not wanting to import this expensive component and drive up manufacturing costs.) In late 2014, locally manufactured components passed trials and production was resumed.  #30086 has a different gear ratio (59:35:19) and control software intended for operations at 200km/h. No actual trials have taken place at that speed, as no current permanent way supports such a speed. #30164 features a more aerodynamic profile, ostensibly to run at higher speeds. In October 2020, #35012 & #35013 were manufactured with one cab having an aerodynamic profile, while the other having a flat front. These were intended for use on Tejas Expresses in a push-pull configuration, but no actual run in this style has taken places. Both these locos are now being used to haul regular express and passenger trains.  WAP-5 Specs Builders ABB/CLW Traction Motors ABB 6FXA 7059 3-phase squirrel cage induction motors (1150kW, 2180V, 370/450A, 1583/3147 rpm). Forced-air ventilation, fully suspended. Gear Ratio 67:35:17 (3-stage gears) Transformer Type LOT-7500 by ABB, Hi-Volt, BHEL Power Convertor (original GTO) Power convertor from ABB, type UW-2423-2810 with SG 3000G X H24 GTO thyristors (D 921S45 T diodes), 14 thyristors per unit (two units). Line convertor rated at 2 x 1269V @ 50Hz, with DC link voltage of 2180V. Drive convertor rated at 2180V phase to phase, 953A output current per phase, motor frequency from 0 to 160Hz. Pantographs Two Faiveley AM-92 (many types later - Schunk, Stone India, Contransys, Brecknell Willis) Horsepower 6000hp (5450hp originally) Axle Load 19.5t Bogies Bo-Bo Henschel Flexifloat Weight 78t Starting TE 26.3 tons Continuous TE 22.4 tons Max. Speed 160km/h Length Over Buffers 18162mm WAP-7  IR's modern workhorse loco. First introduced in 2000, there are now over 1400 in service making them the most numerous passenger locomotive. Based on the WAG-9 (see below), with modified gear ratio, control software and reduction in weight. Initial models were rated at 6125hp total power and 33000 kgf (323kN) tractive effort. Modifications during continuing trials resulted in improved performance with the loco now yielding 6350hp total power and 36000 kgf (352.8kN) tractive effort. Braking systems as in the WAP-5, with regenerative braking rated at 183kN in the first units and 260kN in the later ones. Max. tested speed is 160km/h, rated for 140km/h.  WAP-7 Class WAP-7 Class. Photo courtesy IRFCA Gallery.  Like the WAP-5, all initial ones featured GTO based traction control systems, but IGBT based ones started appearing in the early 2010s. These were given the subclass WAP-7i initially, but with all locos being manufactured with IGBT controllers subsequently, this has been done away with, and all locos are classed WAP-7. Early units also did not have hotel load capability, but starting 2015, this became part of the standard equipment. Older locos are being retrofitted with the capability during overhauls. Some locos are also push-pull capable (Kalyan shed has a pair of these (#30579, #30580) that haul CR's Rajdhani Express to H.Nizamuddin.) Recent units also feature one high-rise pantograph as original equipment in case they are needed to service lines that act as feeders to the Western DFC.  Variants  WAP-7HS: HS for 'High Speed'. This is a one-off variant (#30750) designed in 2019 to increase the base model's max. speed to 180km/h and make it possible to haul 24-coach loads at 160km/h. Loco weight has been reduced by 14.5t (how??); Max. axle load reduces to 18.08t; Changed gear ratio (70:22); Tweaks to the control software. Trials were conducted at 180km/h on the Kota-Sawai Madhopur section on WCR. It is not clear if these trials were successful and if more of this variant is being considered for serial production. #30750 continues to haul trains at a max of 130km/h.  Builders CLW Traction Motors 6FRA 6068 3-phase squirrel-cage induction motors (850kW, 2180V, 1283/2484 rpm, 270/310A). Forced ventilation, axle-hung, nose-suspended. Gear Ratio 72:20 Transformer Type LOT-7500/7775 by ABB, Hi-Volt, BHEL Power Controller GTO: UW-2423-2810 with SG 3000G X H24 GTO thyristors from ABB; IGBT: 5SNA 1200G450300 from BHEL, MEDHA Pantographs Two Secheron 103-2500 (many types later - Schunk, Stone India, Contransys, Faiveley) Horsepower 6350hp Axle Load 20.5t Bogies Co-Co, ABB bogies Weight 123t Starting TE 36 tons Max. Speed 140km/h Length Over Buffers 20562mm  Dedicated Freight Locomotives  WAG-1  Among the first AC electrics to run in India. These were a dedicated freight followup to the mixed use WAM-1. The first 30 were made by the 50 Cycles European group, with the rest made by CLW using supplied kits. 2850hp, monomotor bogies with B-B wheel arrangement, Jacquemin drives (?) and excitron rectifiers. Motors are permanently coupled in parallel, with speed control by transformer taps. Air brakes for loco, vacuum train brakes as original equipment. Regenerative braking provided. Typically French features include elongated 'D'-shaped buffers. The Indian modifications included addition of a cowcatcher, CBC couplers, and a large roof-mounted searchlight-style head lamp. Although sterling performers, some of their highly advanced features such as the spring-borne traction motors, etc., did not suit Indian conditions.  WAG-1 Class WAG-1 Class. Photo courtesy IRFCA Gallery.  Several were based at Arakkonam, Vijayawada, Baroda, and other places. Most were decommissioned by the 1990s, although a few were seen still in use in 2000 or so. Two units (the last ones, #20790, #20791) built by CLW in 1964 were denoted WAG-1S; it is not clear how they were different from the others.  WAG-1 Specs Builders 50 Cycles Group, CLW Traction Motors AEC/Alstom/Siemens MG1420. Two motors (monomotor bogies), force-ventilated, fully suspended. Gear Ratio 3.95:1 Transformer MFO, type BOT 3150. 22.5kV/3000kVA. 32 taps Rectifiers Four Secheron A268 excitrons, 510A/1250V Pantographs Two Faiveley AM-12 Horsepower 2850hp Axle Load 21.3t Bogies B-B (monomotors) Weight 85.2t Starting TE 30 tons at 35% adhesion Continuous TE 23.7 tons Max. Speed 80km/h Length Over Buffers 17092mm WAG-2  Made by Hitachi, they were the alternative to the European WAG-1. 45 of these were delivered between 1964-1965 (IR numbers 20804-20848). B-B bogies, monomotor design with motors permanently coupled in parallel, silicon rectifiers, rheostatic braking provided, Westinghouse compressor, Northey exhauster. These were based at Asansol on ER when they were inducted, and regularly hauled both freight and ordinary passenger trains. They were moved to Bhusawal and Itarsi sheds on CR in the early 1980s from where they retired in the late 1990s. None of them have been preserved.  WAG-2 Specs Builders Hitachi Traction Motors Hitachi EFCO HKK (1270kW, 1250V, 1080A, 695rpm, weight 5300kg) Gear Ratio 3.88:1 Transformer Hitachi AFI-AMOC, 3700kVA, 32 taps Rectifiers AEV-48 silicon rectifiers, 2040A / 2550kW Pantographs Two Faiveley AM-12 Horsepower 3400hp Axle Load 21.3t Bogies B-B (monomotors) Weight 85.2t Starting TE 30 tons at 37% adhesion Continuous TE 22.6 tons Max. Speed 80km/h Length Over Buffers 16882mm WAG-3  10 of these locos were supplied by the 50 Cycles group in 1965. 3150hp, B-B monomotor bogies, silicon rectifiers, air loco brakes, vacuum train brakes and rheostatic braking. MU operation of upto 4 were possible. These are essentially the precursor to the indigineously assembled WAG-4 (see below).  WAG-4  186 were built between 1967 and 1969 by CLW, with equipment from the 50 Cycles group. The DC traction motors for these were the first to be manufactured indigenously by CLW. Other auxiliary components were also made domestically. Most of these locos were based at Kanpur shed on NR. B-B monomotor bogies, silicon rectifiers, air loco brakes, vacuum train brakes, rheostatic brakes. Upto four locos could be operated as multi-unit. Some locos were converted to dual brake systems. While they were primarily freight locomotives, they were also used to haul short-haul passenger trains.  WAG-4 Class WAG-4 Class. Photo courtesy IRFCA Gallery. WAG-4 Specs Builders CLW Traction Motors AGEC MG 1580 A1 (1160kW, 1270V, 1040A, 690 rpm, weight 5850kg). Fully suspended, bogie-mounted. Gear Ratio 3.95:1 Transformer Oerlikon BOT 3460, 32 taps Rectifiers Two GL 82220 silicon rectifiers, 1000A/1270kW/1270V Pantographs Two Faiveley AM-12 Horsepower 3150hp Axle Load 21.9t Bogies B-B (monomotors) Weight 87.6t Starting TE 30 tons at 34% adhesion Continuous TE 23.2 tons Max. Speed 80km/h Length Over Buffers 17216mm WAG-5  The initial batch of these were actually re-geared WAM-4 locos classified WAM-4B (#21100-#21138). Serial production with a slightly modified traction motor (3900hp vs 3850hp), heavier frame to improve adhesion etc. began in 1984. Co-Co bogies based on ALCo trimount design. TE 382kN (33500kgf); continuous TE 202kN (20600kgf). Adhesion 29%. A very successful class, and probably the one with the most numbers produced. There are many variants of these, starting with the plain WAG-5. WAG-5A locos have Alsthom motors. Later versions were WAG-5H and variants with Hitachi motors: WAG-5HA by CLW and WAG-5HB built by BHEL to RDSO's specifications.  WAG-5A class WAG-5A Class. Photo courtesy IRFCA Gallery.  Auxiliaries are from many sources: typically Elgi compressors, Northey exhausters, and other equipment from S F India, but many variations exist. Speed control by parallel combinations of motors and weak field operation. Air brakes for loco, dual train brakes are original equipment. Equipped for rheostatic braking. The original WAG-5 units had a top speed of 80km/h. Many variants have a gear ratio of 21:58, the same as that of the WAM-4 6P, which allows these WAG-5 locos to be used for mixed applications including hauling passenger trains at 100km/h.  Although a great improvement over earlier locomotive classes, the WAG-5 models do have limitations, one of which is the inability to start and haul large loads (4700t -- 58 BOXN wagons) on gradients steeper than 1:200 or so. WAG-5 locos can be used as multiple units in configurations of 2, 3, 4, or more locos. With the large influx of WAG-7 and WAG-9 locos in recent years, use of these locos has steadily declined, with many being scrapped. As mentioned above, some WAG-5 with modified gear ratios haul local passenger trains, but as EMUs take over these kinds of trains, their use in such cases has also declined.  WAG-5 Specs Builders CLW, BHEL Traction Motors Alstom TAO 659 (575kW, 750V, 1070 rpm) or TAO 656 or Hitachi HS 15250A; Axle-hung, nose-suspended. Six motors. Gear Ratio 62:16 or 62:15 with Alstom motors, some 64:18 (Hitachi motors), many now 58:21 for mixed use Transformer BHEL, type HETT-3900. 3900kVA, 22.5kV, 182A. 32 taps Rectifiers Silicon rectifiers (two) using 64 S-18FN-350 diodes each from Hind Rectifier, 2700A/1050V per cubicle Pantographs Two Faiveley AM-12 Horsepower 3900hp Axle Load 19.8t Bogies Co-Co cast bogies (ALCo trimount) Weight 118.8t Starting TE 33.5 tons at 29% adhesion Continuous TE 20.6 tons Max. Speed 100km/h Length Over Buffers 19974mm WAG-6  These are actually three distinct types of locomotives, oddly assigned a single class! WAG-6A models are from ASEA, while WAG-6B and WAG-6C are from Hitachi. They are all 6000hp locos with thyristor-controlled DC traction motors. Until about 1993 they were the most powerful freight locos in IR's fleet. The development of this technology (chopper control) stopped when the (better) AC motor technology was introduced in IR in the form of the WAP-5 and WAG-9 locomotives.  WAG-6A Class WAG-6A Class. Photo courtesy IRFCA Gallery.  WAG-6A and WAG-6B locos have Bo-Bo-Bo wheel arrangements, whereas the WAG-6C locos have a Co-Co arrangement. Six bogie-mounted separately excited DC traction motors are used, and speed control is via the manipulation of the phase angle by a thyristor converter and a separately powered field coil. Microprocessor control with ground speed detection (slip control) and creep control system to maximize adhesion. Air brakes for loco and train; dynamic brakes provided. The WAG-6 series locos are the only ones with 'vestibules' to connect between MU'd locos. WAG-6A locos have half-height vestibules and WAG-6B and WAG-6C locos have full-height vestibules. The WAG-6A models are said to be upgradable to 160km/h but IR never tried this out. All WAG-6 variants can be used in MU pairs but not with more than 2 locos.  WAG-6C Class WAG-6C Class. Photo courtesy IRFCA Gallery.  The WAG-6A body shells were built by SGP in Austria; the rest of the locos were built and the entire units assembled in Västerås, Sweden by ASEA. ASEA constructed a special length of 1.67m (BG) track for testing these before delivery. The locos were fitted with BG bogies at Göteborg harbour after being transported there on standard gauge bogies. The first WAG-6A was delivered around December 1987 and the remaining five in January 1988.  All WAG-6 locos are based at Waltair (Vishakapatnam) shed and have been used used for ore freights and material trains on the Kirandul-Kottavalasa line. They were in regular use until 2000 when maintenance problems began affecting their use. In Oct. 2002 the WAG-6A were technically suspended from operations for POH for a while. Most of the WAG-6B and WAG-6C were also similarly suspended at different times. However, they were revived soon and continued service for a few more years until about 2015. With the influx of modern WAG-9 locos, the WAG-6 were soon relegated to odd shunting jobs around marshalling yards near Vishakapatnam. Out of the 18 locomotives of this class, only 5 are in service as of February 2021 (2 WAG-6B, 3 WAG-6C). One each of the various sub-classes are preserved at the Waltair shed (#26000 WAG-6A; #26010 WAG-6B; #26020 WAG-6C).  WAG-6 Specs (all sub-classes) Builders WAG-6A: ASEA; WAG-6B/6C: Hitachi Traction Motors WAG-6A: ASEA L3 M 450-2; Six motors, fully suspended, force-ventilated, separately excited, 3100kg; WAG-6B: Hitachi HS 15556-OIR, bogie mounted, force-ventilated, compound-wound, 3200kg; WAG-6C: Hitachi HS 15256-UIR, axle-hung nose-suspended, force-ventilated, compound-wound, 3650kg Transformer WAG-6A: ASEA TMZ 21, 7533kVA; WAG-6B/6C: Hitachi AFIC-MS, 6325kVA Thyristor Controller WAG-6A: 24 YST 45-26P24C thyristors each with 24 YSD35-OIP26 diodes, 2x511V, 2x4500A; WAG-6B/6C: 32 CGOIDA thyristors each with 24 DSP2500A diodes. 2x720A, 850V Pantographs WAG-6A: Two Stemman BS 95; WAG-6B/6C: Two Faiveley LV2600 Horsepower WAG-6A: 6280hp; WAG-6B/6C: 6050hp Axle Load WAG-6A: 20.5t; WAG-6B/6C: 20.5t Bogies WAG-6A: Bo-Bo-Bo; WAG-6B: Bo-Bo-Bo; WAG-6C: Co-Co Weight WAG-6A: 123t; WAG-6B/6C: 123t Starting TE WAG-6A: 46 tons; WAG-6B/6C: 45 tons Continuous TE WAG-6A: 32 tons; WAG-6B/6C: 32 tons Max. Speed WAG-6A: 120km/h; WAG-6B/6C: 100km/h Length Over Buffers WAG-6A: 20600mm; WAG-6B/6C: 19700mm WAG-7  Built by CLW to RDSO specifications, these represent the next indigenous design step up from the WAG-5 locomotives. Used primarily for goods haulage, these locos have a Co-Co wheel arrangement with high-adhesion bogies (shared with WCAG-1, WCAM-3, WDG-2/3A) and Hitachi motors providing 5000hp. Starting TE 402kN (41000kgf); continuous TE 235kN (24000kgf). Adhesion 34.5%. The higher tractive effort compared to the WAG-5 locos allows them to attain higher balancing speeds under load. The first 71 of these all went to the Mughalsarai shed. Kanpur was the second shed to get these locos.  WAG-7 class WAG-7 Class. Photo courtesy IRFCA Gallery.  Traction motors are permanently coupled in parallel. Max. speed is 100km/h. Air brakes and dynamic (rheostatic) brakes for loco, dual train brakes. MU operation with up to 4 units is possible. Traction equipment such as the smoothing reactor, etc., are all higher rated than in the WAG-5 due to the higher currents this loco draws. Auxiliaries include Rigi compressor, Arno rotary converters, Siemens smoothing reactor, Northey exhauster; other auxiliaries such as blowers from S F India. A number of these locos have been retrofitted with static converters to power the auxiliaries, replacing the older Arno rotary converters. These static converters are more efficient and require less maintenance, besides having self-diagnostic systems to make troubleshooting easier.  Two locomotives in this class were designated WAG-7H. experimentally modified to provide higher TE by increasing their weight. Oscillation trials were conducted on a ballasted WAG-7 (#27002) around 1995, and then a new WAG-7 loco was built by CLW to have higher weight using thicker plates in the underframe of the loco (#27061, 1995). Weight is 132t, max. TE 441kN (45000 kgf). Traction motors are Hitachi HS15250-G, perhaps a minor variant of HS15250.  WAG-7 class BHEL Made WAG-7 Class. Photo courtesy IRFCA Gallery.  In 2008, these locos underwent minor internal changes and extensive cosmetic ones. The flat fronted cab gave way to the sloped profile from the WAP-4 which made the cab larger and shifted certain components inside the machine room. Also in 2008, BHEL started manufacturing these according to specs from RDSO. These locos (in the 245xxx number range) carried over the new shell design, but had significant changes inside the cab – joystick for the master controller instead of the wheel, air-conditioning as standard, improved 3-way adjustable seats etc. Serial production of this class stopped in 2015 (in favour of the 3-phase WAG-9).  WAG-7 Specs Builders CLW Traction Motors Hitachi HS15250-G (630kW, 750V, 900A. 895rpm. Weight 3650kg). Axle-hung, nose-suspended, force ventilated, taper roller bearings. Gear Ratio 65:18 Transformer CCL India, type CGTT-5400, 5400kVA, 32 taps Rectifiers Two silicon rectifiers, cell type S18FN350 (from Hind Rectifier), 64 per bridge, 2700A / 1050V per cubicle Pantographs Two Stone India AN-12 Horsepower 5000hp Axle Load 20.5t Bogies Fabricated Co-Co high-adhesion based on ALCo design Weight 123t Starting TE 41 tons at 34.5% adhesion Continuous TE 24t Max. Speed 100km/h Length Over Buffers 20934mm WAG-8  These were an experimental class built by BHEL in 1996. Only two were made, with no IR running numbers. Similar appearance to the WCAM-2/3 locos. 5000hp with thyristor chopper control of DC motors with Flexicoil Mark IV high-adhesion bogies. These locos were designed to be the next evolution of the WAG-7, with some of the more sophisticated technology borrowed from the WAG-6. Both units now lie mothballed at a siding at BHEL's plant in Bhopal.  WAG-8 class WAG-8 Class. Photo courtesy IRFCA Gallery. WAG-9  IR's workhorse electric freight locomotive, with over 3000 in service as of August 2022. These were first imported from ABB in 1996, but CLW started serial production with indigenous components in November 1998. Co-Co, 6125hp, 3-phase all AC traction motors. Until 2010, traction control was via GTO thyristors, but since then all have IGBT based control. Initial auxiliaries from ABB, Landert, Behr, Howden Safanco, etc. but now indigenous. Air brakes for both locomotives and train. Regenerative brakes provide about 260kN of braking effort. 2 units can be coupled in multi-unit configurations.  WAG-9 Class WAG-9 Class. Photo courtesy IRFCA Gallery.  The WAG9's have undergone significant internal design changes since their induction to better suit Indian conditions and loads. The first such change was improving their adhesion characteristics by providing extra ballast (welded in four locations in the machine room). Weight increased from 123t to 132t. These locos are classified as WAG-9H. First one (#31130) was at Gomoh, but was deballasted later because of certain concerns about weight. These concerns were addressed soon with all subsequent locos being made to this heavier specification. The second revision was the provision of IGBT based traction control instead of GTO thyristors starting 2010. These locos were initially classified as WAG-9I, but this designation was short-lived, with locos being simply marked WAG-9H in subsequent production runs.  The third significant change happened in 2016-17, when the brake rigging in these locos was changed. Up until this point, WAG-9/WAG-9Hs had TBUs (Tread Breaking Units) which provided finer control over braking individual axles, especially during wheel slips. But these systems were proving to be unreliable and more expensive to maintain. RDSO decided to replace these TBUs in WAG-9s with more conventional braking systems found in other locomotives. These WAG-9s were designated WAG-9HC. All WAG-9s produced since then are of this type, with many of the older fleet being retrofitted during overhauls.  Builders ABB, CLW, DLW, DMW Traction Motors 6FRA 6068 (850kW, 2180V, 1283/2484 rpm, 270/310A. Weight 2100kg) Axle-hung, nose-suspended Gear Ratio 77:15, 64:18 Transformer ABB LOT 6500, 4x1450kVA Traction Control ABB made UW-2423-2810 with SG 3000G X H24 GTO thyristors, BHEL/Medha SSNA 1200G450300 IGBT with D921S45T diodes Pantographs Initially Secheron ES10 1Q3-2500, but many later including high-reach ones from Faiveley, Contransys etc. Horsepower 6125hp Axle Load WAG-9: 20.5t, WAG-9H/HC: 22.5t Bogies Co-Co, ABB bogies Weight WAG-9: 123t, WAG-9H/HC: 132t Starting TE WAG-9: 46 tons, WAG-9H: 53 tons Max. Speed 100km/h Length Over Buffers 20562mm WAG-9HH  These are 9000hp variants of the WAG-9H. As of February 2021, three of them have been produced and are undergoing trials over SECR and SCR. They feature upgraded equipment (traction motors, transformers etc.) from Siemens, BHEL and Medha within the same space envelope and shell design of the WAG-9. Further specifics are unknown at the moment, as is IR's production plan for them.  WAG-10  Initially classified as WAGC-3, these are an experimental class that take WDG-3A diesel locos due for mid-life overhaul and convert them to electric locomotives by utilizing traction motors, bogies and other common components. IR's goal with this type of locomotive was to increase its fleet of electrics at a rapid pace given the vast number of diesel still available. But with less than satisfactory running trials and financial trade-offs, this class is not likely to see further development or production.  WAG-10 Class WAG-10 Class. Photo courtesy Wikimedia Commons. CC BY-SA 4.0.  10000hp twin section locos, utilizing two WDG3-A's as the base. Transformers and other electrical equipment replace the ALCo prime mover in the body. Each section gets one pantograph for power collection. Two of these were produced in 2018-19, both homed at Bondamunda shed on SER. #10001 features cab designs from the WDG-3A (with modified controls for an electric loco) with side walls and panels from a WAG-5/WAM-4 locomotive. The second one #10002 has similar side walls and panels, but cabs from the WAG-9.  WAG-11  Another experimental diesel to electric conversion class, this time based on the WDG-4. 12000hp, twin section locos, Co-Co+Co-Co. Traction motors, bogies and other common electrical components from the diesel mated to a WAG-9 shell and cab. GTO based traction control convertors replaced with IGBT based ones. Transformers and other diagnostics/control features come from the WAG-9, with ABB enhancing its software to suit the EMD traction motors better. 2x540 KN maximum tractive effort, with 2x270 KN of regenerative braking effort.  WAG-11 Class WAG-11 Class. Photo courtesy Protkarsh Kumar.  Three of this class have been manufactured by BLW/DLW since 2018. All three have significant differences to each other, despite sharing the same class code. #29001 has the transformer mounted on the body, with changed equipment layouts, a different roof design, an elongated side wall and a modified WDG-4 underframe. #29002 carries much the same design as the previous one, except the transformer is underslung, making the roof design simpler. Equipment layout also is the same as WAG-9. #29003 has cabs on both ends of each section, making each section independently operable in any direction. #29003 also features a modified underframe from a WAP-7 rather than WDG-4. Control, equipment and shell exactly as the WAG-9. This loco also has four pantographs rather than two of the previous units.  Like the WAG-10, this class is not expected to enter serial production. All three units were initialy allocated to the Tughlakabad shed of WCR, but transferred later to Bondamunda on SER where they are seen hauling loads in mineral heavy lines.  WAG-12/12B  Based on Alstom's Prima 2 T8 platform, these are IR's most powerful locomotives in service currently. Twin section, Bo-Bo+Bo-Bo, 12000hp with a maximum tractive effort of 705kN. Axle weight of 22.5t, though a 25t variant is being planned. They can start a 6000 ton train on a 1:150 gradient. Traction motors and transformers from ABB. Each section has one cab with a vestibule connecting both. Two high-reach pantographs, one per section. In a first for freight locomotives on IR, fully blended brakes (regenerative and pneumatic air) are standard equipment. Also as part of standard equipment are a display unit with touch controls to replicate hardware switches. These locos also have crew friendly features like toilets and air-conditioning. They are primarily intended for use on the Eastern DFC, but until that is fully ready, they are being utilised over IR's regular network hauling heavy freight.  WAG-12 Class WAG-12/12B Class. Photo courtesy Alstom.  After a global search for suppliers, Alstom won the contract in 2015 with the promise to build 800 locos of this class at a dedicated plant in Madhepura, Bihar. The initial version of this locomotive, classified as WAG-12, had a lot of issues related to ride quality during proving trials. RDSO and Alstom went back to the drawing board and revised a host of things – bogie solebar changed from flat to gooseneck shaped; traction link coupling changed from below the driving cab to middle of the body; distance between bogies increased by nearly 2000mm with a corresponding increase in body length. This variant classified WAG-12B proved successful in trials and is now the only one being produced.  Alstom will provide technical and maintenance for 13 years post production after which IR will assume responsibility. All locos are currently homed at an exclusive shed managed by Alstom at Saharanpur on NR. A second shed at Nagpur is due to be commissioned in October 2022.  WAG-12/12B Specs Builders Alstom Traction Motors ABB 6FRA 4576D; asynchronous 3-phase induction motors; 3775v, 1508hp at 1750rpm; Nose suspended, force ventilated; 2700kg Transformer ABB transformer Traction Control IGBT Pantographs Two Brecknel Willis high-rise, one for each section Horsepower 12069hp Axle Load 22.5t Bogies Bo-Bo+Bo-Bo Weight 180t Starting TE 705 tons Max. Speed 100km/h Length Over Buffers 19200mm per unit, 38400mm total Related Sections   • General information on locomotives   • Diesel locomotives   • Locomotive sheds   • Production units and workshops   • Technical documents   • IRFCA Picture Gallery: Electric Locomotives Join The IRFCA Forums  Note: This site is not officially affiliated with Indian Railways. The official web site of Indian Railways is: http://www.indianrailways.gov.in  Contact Us    • General: webmaster@irfca.org   • Gallery Related: gallery@irfca.org   • Forum Related: moderators@irfca.org   • Historical Research & Contributions: webmaster@irfca.org  Other Links    • About   • Acknowledgments   • Legal Information & Disclaimers  Copyright © 2010–2021, IRFCA.org
ntographs Two Brecknel Willis high-rise, one for each section Horsepower 12069hp Axle Load 22.5t Bogies Bo-Bo+Bo-Bo Weight 180t Starting TE 705 tons Max. Speed 100km/h Length Over Buffers 19200mm per unit, 38400mm total Related Sections   • General information on locomotives   • Diesel locomotives   • Locomotive sheds   • Production units and workshops   • Technical documents   • IRFCA Picture Gallery: Electric Locomotives Join The IRFCA Forums  Note: This site is not officially affiliated with Indian Railways. The official web site of Indian Railways is: http://www.indianrailways.gov.in  Contact Us    • General: webmaster@irfca.org   • Gallery Related: gallery@irfca.org   • Forum Related: moderators@irfca.org   • Historical Research & Contributions: webmaster@irfca.org  Other Links    • About   • Acknowledgments   • Legal Information & Disclaimers  Copyright © 2010–2021, IRFCA.org
__label__wiki 11cf Attention Required! | Cloudflare Please enable cookies.  Sorry, you have been blocked  You are unable to access antiquesforeveryone.co.uk  Why have I been blocked?  This website is using a security service to protect itself from online attacks. The action you just performed triggered the security solution. There are several actions that could trigger this block including submitting a certain word or phrase, a SQL command or malformed data.  What can I do to resolve this?  You can email the site owner to let them know you were blocked. Please include what you were doing when this page came up and the Cloudflare Ray ID found at the bottom of this page.  Cloudflare Ray ID: 9fd08cfa5df21db5 • Your IP: 20.45.39.144 • Performance & security by Cloudflare  0
__label__wiki 8000 Switzerland | Freedom House Skip to main content Accessibility Freedom House Logo - Torch next to words Freedom House  Primary Navigation    • Our Issues   • Countries   • Policy Recommendations   • Explore the Map Expanding Freedom and Democracy.  Quicklinks    • Events   • News & Perspectives   • Find A Country   • Explore The Map   • Careers  Mega Menu    • Our Issues     • Election Integrity     • Democracy During Pandemic     • Authoritarian Reach     • Technology & Democracy     • Democracies in Decline     • Equality & Human Rights     • Freedom of Assembly     • Freedom of Expression     • Government Accountability & Transparency     • Media Freedom     • Promoting U.S. Leadership     • Religious Freedom     • Strengthening Civil Society   • Programs     • Regional Programs     • Emergency Assistance and Thematic Programs   • Countries   • Policy Recommendations   • Reports     • Freedom in the World     • Freedom on the Net     • Nations in Transit     • China Media Bulletin     • Election Watch for the Digital Age     • Special Reports     • Archives   • News & Perspectives     • Press Releases & Statements     • Manage Subscriptions     • Explore Newsletters   • About Us     • History     • Our Experts     • Events     • Board and Leadership     • Ways to Give     • Financials     • Careers     • Contact Us Hundreds of protesters with signs and flags in front of a capital building. Freedom in the World 2020  Switzerland  Free 96 100 PR Political Rights 39 40 CL Civil Liberties 57 60 Last Year's Score & Status 96 100 Free Global freedom statuses are calculated on a weighted scale. See the methodology.  header1 Overview  The political system of Switzerland is characterized by decentralization and direct democracy. The multilingual state is typically governed by a broad coalition that includes members from the four largest political parties represented in the parliament. The 26 cantons that make up the Swiss Confederation have considerable decision-making power, and the public is often asked to weigh in on policy matters through referendums. Civil liberties are generally respected in the country, though laws and policies adopted in recent years have reflected a growing wariness of immigration and minority groups of foreign origin, which sometimes face societal discrimination.  header2 Key Developments in 2019    • Parliamentary elections in October presented a minor shake-up of Swiss politics: The right-wing populist Swiss People’s Party (SVP) maintained their plurality but lost a sizeable portion of their power. The Green Party (GPS) and Green Liberal Party (GLP) recorded the strongest gains of Swiss electoral history since 1919, becoming competitive opposition parties.   • Switzerland was added to the blacklist of the International Labour Organization (ILO) of countries not offering enough protection to unionized employees in May.   • Also in May, the Federal Intelligence Service (FIS) was called out for leading investigations against several left-wing political activists and members of left-wing parties in the cities of Basel and Bern, despite not having legal grounds to do so.   • In October, Switzerland was removed from the European Union’s (EU) “gray list” of countries not cooperating in the fight against tax evasion.  PR Political Rights  A Electoral Process  A1 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Was the current head of government or other chief national authority elected through free and fair elections? 4.004 4.004  Executive power is exercised by the seven-member Federal Council (cabinet), with each member elected by the bicameral Federal Assembly to four-year terms. The Federal Council represents a consensus-based coalition among all of the large parties in the Federal Assembly. The presidency is largely ceremonial and rotates annually among the Federal Council’s members. In December 2019, Simonetta Sommaruga of the Social Democratic Party (SP) was elected president for 2020 by the Federal Assembly.  A2 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Were the current national legislative representatives elected through free and fair elections? 4.004 4.004  The constitution provides for a Federal Assembly with two directly elected chambers: the 46-member Council of States, in which each canton has two members and each half-canton has one, and the 200-member National Council, whose seats are apportioned among the cantons based on population. All lawmakers serve four-year terms. Switzerland’s electoral process is vibrant and pluralistic, garnering high levels of confidence from the public.  Elections were held in October 2019 and presented a minor shake-up in Swiss politics. In the National Council, the right-wing SVP remained the strongest party but lost considerable power, taking 53 seats, down from 65. SP won 39 seats (losing 4); the Free Democratic Party of Switzerland (FDP) took 28 seats (losing 4); and the Christian Democratic People’s Party (CVP) took 25 seats (losing 2). The biggest winners of the election were the GPS, which won 28 seats, a 17-seat increase, and the GLP, which won 16 seats, a 9-seat increase. In the Council of States, the CVP won 13 seats, the FDP secured 12, the SP took 9, the SVP grabbed 6, and the GPS won 5, representing further gains for the Greens and losses for the Social Democrats.  A3 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Are the electoral laws and framework fair, and are they implemented impartially by the relevant election management bodies? 4.004 4.004  Switzerland’s electoral process is robust and well implemented. Electoral laws are fair, and the Election Commission of Switzerland, which administers elections, is considered impartial. The government frequently relies on referendums to decide contentious policy issues.  B Political Pluralism and Participation  B1 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Do the people have the right to organize in different political parties or other competitive political groupings of their choice, and is the system free of undue obstacles to the rise and fall of these competing parties or groupings? 4.004 4.004  Political parties are free to form and operate, and a wide range of parties are active at the federal and regional levels. The political system is stable, but it remains open to new groups.  B2 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Is there a realistic opportunity for the opposition to increase its support or gain power through elections? 4.004 4.004  While most parties govern together by common agreement in the country’s consensus-based political system, they compete vigorously in elections and can gain or lose influence depending on their performance at the polls. The government also relies on referendums to decide contentious policy issues. The Federal Council currently comprises two members each from the SVP, the SP, and the FDP, and one member from the CVP. After the 2019 election, the Green Party petitioned parliament to change the composition of the Federal Council to accommodate their electoral success: the Greens now hold more seats than CVP, and the same number of seats as FDP, both of which are on the council. The Greens lost the parliamentary vote for the seat, but will likely renew their bid should they repeat their strong performance in the next election.  B3 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Are the people’s political choices free from domination by forces that are external to the political sphere, or by political forces that employ extrapolitical means? 4.004 4.004  People’s political choices are generally free from domination by democratically unaccountable entities. However, Switzerland has been criticized for failing to address the lack of transparency in party financing. Civil society leaders contend that the opaque campaign finance system allows wealthy interests to influence the platforms of the major political parties.  B4 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Do various segments of the population (including ethnic, religious, gender, LGBT, and other relevant groups) have full political rights and electoral opportunities? 3.003 4.004  Restrictive citizenship laws and procedures tend to exclude many immigrants, as well as their children, from political participation. About a quarter of the population is made of up noncitizens, though more than a third of these are citizens of neighboring countries. Noncitizens do not have the right to vote in federal elections but do in some cantonal polls.  Women participate robustly in Swiss politics, both as voters and candidates for office. The 2019 elections saw a record number of women elected to the National Council, where they now make up 42 percent of all parliamentarians.  C Functioning of Government  C1 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Do the freely elected head of government and national legislative representatives determine the policies of the government? 4.004 4.004  Switzerland’s freely elected officials are able to determine and effectively implement national and local policy through a decentralized system of government.  The 26 cantons have significant control over economic and social policy, with the federal government’s powers largely limited to foreign affairs and some economic matters. Referendums, which are used extensively, are mandatory for any amendments to the federal constitution, the joining of international organizations, and major changes to federal laws.  C2 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Are safeguards against official corruption strong and effective? 4.004 4.004  Safeguards against corruption are generally effective. The trial against Pierre Maudet, former head of the Geneva cantonal government who had accepted benefits from the crown prince of Abu Dhabi in 2015, continued in 2019 even though Maudet still holds his seat as a state counsellor of Geneva. Four employees of the State Secretariat for Economic Affairs were indicted for procurement fraud in October 2019.  A law to improve whistleblower protection was rejected in June 2019 by the National Council but is currently under review in the Council of States. The reform came as a response to criticism by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), which called out Switzerland for failing to fully implement the recommendations of the OECD Anti-Bribery Convention.  In October, the EU removed Switzerland from the “gray list” of countries with questionable tax policies and support for tax avoidance, after Switzerland had abolished tax policies that were not in line with international standards earlier in 2019.  C3 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Does the government operate with openness and transparency? 4.004 4.004  The government is generally transparent in its operations. In recent years, an increasing number of cantonal governments have passed transparency laws that make government data more accessible to citizens. Federal politicians were still debating an increase in lobbying transparency at the end of 2019. A transparency referendum at the federal level was submitted in 2019 and is likely to be voted on by the people in 2020 or 2021. In September 2019 the Council of Europe’s Group of States against Corruption (GRECO) announced it would halt its noncompliance procedure against Switzerland: the upcoming transparency referendum and an anticorruption initiative put forward by the Federal Council address GRECO’s concerns.  CL Civil Liberties  D Freedom of Expression and Belief  D1 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Are there free and independent media? 4.004 4.004  Freedom of the press is generally respected in practice. Switzerland has an open media environment, though the state-owned, editorially independent Swiss Broadcasting Corporation (SRG/SSR) dominates the broadcast market. Consolidation of newspaper ownership in the hands of large media conglomerates has forced the closure of some smaller newspapers in recent years.  D2 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Are individuals free to practice and express their religious faith or nonbelief in public and private? 3.003 4.004  Freedom of religion is guaranteed by the constitution, and the penal code prohibits discrimination against any religion. However, Muslims face legal and de facto discrimination. The construction of new minarets and mosques is prohibited as the result of a 2009 referendum. In 2018, St. Gallen became the second canton to pass its own burqa ban, after Ticino in 2016. A debate surrounding proposals for a federal ban on burqas continued in 2019 and is likely to be put to a vote in coming years.  D3 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Is there academic freedom, and is the educational system free from extensive political indoctrination? 4.004 4.004  Academic freedom is largely respected.  D4 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Are individuals free to express their personal views on political or other sensitive topics without fear of surveillance or retribution? 4.004 4.004  Individuals are generally able to express their personal views on political issues without fear of retribution, though the law punishes public incitement to racial hatred or discrimination as well as denial of crimes against humanity.  The Federal Intelligence Service (FIS) was granted wider surveillance powers in 2017, allowing it to monitor internet usage, bug private property, and tap the phone lines of suspected terrorists. An additional law that came into effect in March 2018 requires mobile phone and internet service providers to retain user data for six months to facilitate the work of law enforcement agencies. This includes data on which websites users visited. Both laws were being challenged at the Swiss Federal Court and the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) at the end of 2019. According to a survey published by the University of Zurich in October 2019, more than half of Swiss internet users are practicing self-censorship due to fears of surveillance.  In May 2019 journalists uncovered the story that the FIS had surveilled several left-wing political activists and members of left-wing parties in the cities of Basel and Bern, despite not having legal grounds to do so. The FIS has denied any wrongdoing.  E Associational and Organizational Rights  E1 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Is there freedom of assembly? 4.004 4.004  Freedom of assembly is guaranteed by the constitution and is generally respected. A women’s strike and protest in June 2019 was one of the largest demonstrations in recent history.  E2 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Is there freedom for nongovernmental organizations, particularly those that are engaged in human rights– and governance-related work? 4.004 4.004  Nongovernmental organizations are free to operate without undue restrictions.  E3 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Is there freedom for trade unions and similar professional or labor organizations? 4.004 4.004  Workers are generally free to form trade unions and other professional organizations. The right to engage in collective bargaining and strikes is respected. However, in 2019 the International Labour Organization (ILO) added Switzerland to its blacklist of countries with weak job protection for unionized employees. While it is improper to dismiss an employee because of union membership or activity, the penalty for such behavior is seen as too low.  Approximately 500,000 participants all over Switzerland demanded equal treatment and pay for women on June 14, 2019. Across the country, women walked out of their workplaces at 3:42 p.m. to symbolize when, upon accounting for the gender pay gap, they were no longer being paid.  F Rule of Law  F1 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Is there an independent judiciary? 4.004 4.004  While the judiciary is largely independent in practice, judges are affiliated with political parties and are selected based on a system of proportional party, linguistic, and regional representation in the Federal Assembly. The civil society group Justice Initiative (JI) continued their campaign to alter the appointment process of federal judges. The Initiative hopes to depoliticize the appointment procedure, with candidates chosen by lot and reviewed by an independent, apolitical panel.  Switzerland continues to n 5786 egotiate a framework agreement with the EU, a contentious topic in the country, which is not an EU member state. Among other things, the agreement would clarify the jurisdiction of the European Court of Justice (CJEU) in Switzerland and the applicability of EU law.  F2 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Does due process prevail in civil and criminal matters? 4.004 4.004  Authorities generally observe legal safeguards against arbitrary arrest and detention. The constitution’s due process clause guarantees fair trial proceedings.  F3 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Is there protection from the illegitimate use of physical force and freedom from war and insurgencies? 4.004 4.004  Switzerland is free from war and other major threats to physical security. Occasional instances of excessive force by police have been documented, but such abuses are relatively rare. Conditions in prisons and detention centers generally meet international standards, and the Swiss government permits visits by independent observers.  F4 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Do laws, policies, and practices guarantee equal treatment of various segments of the population? 3.003 4.004  Although the law prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, gender, or religion, anti-immigrant attitudes have grown in recent years. A 2016 immigration law passed included measures meant to curb mass migration from the EU and required employers give preference to Swiss citizens in hiring practices. Despite the government’s negotiations with the EU on the matter, the SVP proposed a referendum in 2017 calling for an end to free movement between Switzerland and the EU, likely to be put to a vote in 2020.  Switzerland generally respects the rights of refugees. In March 2019 the government introduced more efficient asylum procedures, leading to faster handling of asylum requests. Consequently, more asylum seekers have passed through Switzerland voluntarily and swiftly.  The rights of cultural, religious, and linguistic minorities are legally protected, but minority groups—especially Romany communities and people of African and Central European descent—face societal discrimination. The Roma continue to seek official recognition as a minority in Switzerland. A report by the Federal Commission Against Racism in April 2018 noted a strong increase in racial discrimination over the past 10 years.  While women generally enjoy equal rights, the gender pay gap and discrimination in the workplace persist. The rights of LGBT+ people are generally respected. In December 2018, the parliament passed an amendment to the antidiscrimination law that extended its protections to cover sexual orientation. A similar amendment on gender identity was ultimately rejected.  G Personal Autonomy and Individual Rights  G1 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Do individuals enjoy freedom of movement, including the ability to change their place of residence, employment, or education? 4.004 4.004  Freedom of movement is respected, and there are no undue limitations on the ability to change one’s place of residence, employment, or education.  G2 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Are individuals able to exercise the right to own property and establish private businesses without undue interference from state or nonstate actors? 4.004 4.004  The rights to own property and operate private businesses remain unrestricted.  G3 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Do individuals enjoy personal social freedoms, including choice of marriage partner and size of family, protection from domestic violence, and control over appearance? 4.004 4.004  Personal social freedoms are protected for most people. In a 2005 referendum, voters approved same-sex civil unions. Recognized since 2007, these unions grant many of the legal benefits of marriage. Limited adoption rights for same-sex civil partners came into effect in January 2018. The legalization of same-sex marriage and full adoption rights for same-sex couples were under consideration by parliament during 2019.  G4 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Do individuals enjoy equality of opportunity and freedom from economic exploitation? 3.003 4.004  Although the government complies with international standards for combating human trafficking, according to the 2019 edition of the US State Department’s Trafficking in Persons Report, Switzerland remains a destination country for victims. Labor regulations are generally enforced, but there is no national minimum wage, and migrant workers are more vulnerable to exploitative labor practices and dangerous working conditions.  On Switzerland  See all data, scores & information on this country or territory.  See More  Country Facts    • Global Freedom Score      96 100 free  Other Years    • 2019   • 2018   • 2017  Be the first to know what's happening.  Join the Freedom House monthly newsletter  Footer Main Menu    • Our Issues   • Countries   • Policy Recommendations   • Explore the Map   • Donate   • News & Perspectives   • Reports   • Events   • About   • Careers  Address  1850 M St. NW Floor 11 Washington, DC 20036  (202) 296-5101  General Inquiries  [email protected]  Press & Media  [email protected]  Footer Social Menu  Follow    • Facebook   • Twitter  Footer    • Manage Subscriptions   • Contact   • Privacy Policy   • Content Permissions   • Site Map @2020 FreedomHouse 0
ntation. A similar amendment on gender identity was ultimately rejected.  G Personal Autonomy and Individual Rights  G1 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Do individuals enjoy freedom of movement, including the ability to change their place of residence, employment, or education? 4.004 4.004  Freedom of movement is respected, and there are no undue limitations on the ability to change one’s place of residence, employment, or education.  G2 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Are individuals able to exercise the right to own property and establish private businesses without undue interference from state or nonstate actors? 4.004 4.004  The rights to own property and operate private businesses remain unrestricted.  G3 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Do individuals enjoy personal social freedoms, including choice of marriage partner and size of family, protection from domestic violence, and control over appearance? 4.004 4.004  Personal social freedoms are protected for most people. In a 2005 referendum, voters approved same-sex civil unions. Recognized since 2007, these unions grant many of the legal benefits of marriage. Limited adoption rights for same-sex civil partners came into effect in January 2018. The legalization of same-sex marriage and full adoption rights for same-sex couples were under consideration by parliament during 2019.  G4 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Do individuals enjoy equality of opportunity and freedom from economic exploitation? 3.003 4.004  Although the government complies with international standards for combating human trafficking, according to the 2019 edition of the US State Department’s Trafficking in Persons Report, Switzerland remains a destination country for victims. Labor regulations are generally enforced, but there is no national minimum wage, and migrant workers are more vulnerable to exploitative labor practices and dangerous working conditions.  On Switzerland  See all data, scores & information on this country or territory.  See More  Country Facts    • Global Freedom Score      96 100 free  Other Years    • 2019   • 2018   • 2017  Be the first to know what's happening.  Join the Freedom House monthly newsletter  Footer Main Menu    • Our Issues   • Countries   • Policy Recommendations   • Explore the Map   • Donate   • News & Perspectives   • Reports   • Events   • About   • Careers  Address  1850 M St. NW Floor 11 Washington, DC 20036  (202) 296-5101  General Inquiries  [email protected]  Press & Media  [email protected]  Footer Social Menu  Follow    • Facebook   • Twitter  Footer    • Manage Subscriptions   • Contact   • Privacy Policy   • Content Permissions   • Site Map @2020 FreedomHouse 0
__label__wiki 68ca Neuroscience - Google Books Search Images Maps Play YouTube News Gmail Drive More » Sign in Screen reader users: click this link for accessible mode. Accessible mode has the same essential features but works better with your reader.  Books  Try the new Your Library Classic My Library will soon be turned off. Visit the new Your Library experience to import your bookshelves. Go to Your Library Dismiss Try the new Your Library   1. Try the new Google Books   2. My library   3. Help   4. Advanced Book Search Get print book  No eBook available    • Amazon.com   • Barnes&Noble.com   • Books-A-Million   • IndieBound   • Find in a library   • All sellers »  Get Textbooks on Google Play  Rent and save from the world's largest eBookstore. Read, highlight, and take notes, across web, tablet, and phone.  Go to Google Play Now »  Neuroscience  Front Cover Dale Purves, George Augustine, David Fitzpatrick, William C Hall, Anthony LaMantia, Richard Mooney, Leonard E. White Sinauer, Jul 4, 2018 - Medical - 800 pages  Neuroscience is a comprehensive textbook created primarily for medical, premedical, and undergraduate neuroscience students. In a single concise and approachable volume, the text guides students through the challenges and excitement of this rapidly changing field. The book's length and accessible writing are a successful combination that has proven to work equally well for medical students and in undergraduate neuroscience courses.  Other editions - View all  Neuroscience Dale Purves,George Augustine,David Fitzpatrick,William Hall,Anthony LaMantia,Leonard White,Richard Mooney,Michael Platt No preview available - 2018  About the author (2018)  Dale Purves is Geller Professor of Neurobiology Emeritus in the Duke Institute for Brain Sciences, Durham, USA. Professor George J. Augustine is a Professor in Lee Kong Chian School of Medicine, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore.  David Fitzpatrick is Chief Executive Officer and Scientific Director of the Max Planck Florida Institute for Neuroscience, USA.  William C. Hall is a Professor in the Department of Neurobiology at the Duke University School of Medicine, USA.  Anthony-Samuel LaMantia is a Professor of Pharmacology & Physiology at The George Washington University and Director of the GW Institute for Neuroscience, USA.  Richard D. Mooney is Professor of Neurobiology at Duke University School of Medicine Michael L. Platt is a Professor at University of Pennsylvania Leonard E. White is an Associate Professor in the Department of Neurobiology at the Duke University School of Medicine, USA.  Bibliographic information  TitleNeuroscience EditorsDale Purves, George Augustine, David Fitzpatrick, William C Hall, Anthony LaMantia, Richard Mooney, Leonard E. White Edition6, illustrated, reprint PublisherSinauer, 2018 ISBN1605353809, 9781605353807 Length800 pages Subjects Science  ›  Life Sciences  ›  Neuroscience   Medical / General Medical / Neuroscience Science / Life Sciences / Neuroscience    Export CitationBiBTeX EndNote RefMan About Google Books - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service - Information for Publishers - Report an issue - Help - Google Home 0
__label__wiki 745e Page not found | Office of the New York State Comptroller Skip to main content Official seal of the Office of the New York State Comptroller. Thomas P. DiNapoli   • Retirement Online   • NYS Payroll Online   • Other Online Services  | Subscribe | Translate |  Join Our Team Translate Disclaimer     This Google™ translation feature is provided for informational purposes only.  The New York State Office of the State Comptroller's website is provided in English. However, the "Google Translate" option may help you to read it in other languages.  Google Translate™ cannot translate all types of documents, and it may not give you an exact translation all the time. If you rely on information obtained from Google Translate™, you do so at your own risk.  The Office of the State Comptroller does not warrant, promise, assure or guarantee the accuracy of the translations provided. The State of New York, its officers, employees, and/or agents are not liable to you, or to third parties, for damages or losses of any kind arising out of, or in connection with, the use or performance of such information. These include, but are not limited to:    • damages or losses caused by reliance upon the accuracy of any such information   • damages incurred from the viewing, distributing, or copying of such materials  Because Google Translate™ is intellectual property owned by Google Inc., you must use Google Translate™ in accord with the Google license agreement, which includes potential liability for misuse: Google Terms of Service.      • Comptroller Image        Get to know New York        State Comptroller        Thomas P. DiNapoli        Read Bio »                • Learn About the Comptroller’s Office       • Explore Career Opportunities       • Read “2025 Year in Review” Report        • 10531        Mobile Comptroller Image        Get to know New York        State Comptroller        Thomas P. DiNapoli        Read Bio »        • Learn About the Comptroller’s Office       • Explore Career Opportunities       • Read “2025 Year in Review” Report    • Unclaimed Funds     • New York State and Local Retirement System (NYSLRS)     • NYS Common Retirement Fund   • Local Government   • Agencies   • Vendors     • All Reports     • Audits     • Annual Comprehensive Financial Report     • Cash Basis Reports     • New York State Budget Analysis and Financial Reporting     • New York City Economic and Fiscal Monitoring     • Open Book New York   • Newsroom   • Login     • Retirement Online     • NYS Payroll Online     • Other Online Services   • Subscribe   • Join Our Team   1. Home   2. Page not found  Page not found  The requested page could not be found. OUR OFFICE OUR OFFICE   • About Comptroller DiNapoli   • About the Comptroller's Office   • Career Opportunities   • Diversity Management   • Intergovernmental and Community Affairs   • Procurement Opportunities TOOLS TOOLS   • Fiscal Monitoring   • NYS Payroll Online   • Open Book New York   • Retirement Online   • Search for Lost Money   • Statewide Financial System   • More... INITIATIVES INITIATIVES   • Comptroller's Legislative Program   • Investing in New York   • Minority- and Women-Owned Business Enterprises (MWBEs) HELP HELP   • Contact Us   • Forms and Publications   • Freedom of Information Law (FOIL)   • Legal Opinions   • Report Government Fraud  Thank you for subscribing to the Comptroller's Weekly Newsletter!  Tell us more about you to receive content related to your area or interests.  Interests  How would you rate our website?  Site Index Career Opportunities Contact Us Privacy and Links Policies Regulations Accessibility FOIL  0
__label__wiki WELCOME,   • My Times   • LOGOUT SIGN IN logo Sun ,May 17, 2026Mumbai Mirror|Pune Mirror   • Home   • Bangalore     • Cover Story     • Crime     • Civic     • Other     • Elections   • Entertainment     • Bollywood     • Hollywood     • Reviews     • Lounge     • South Masala   • Videos     • sectionhomelist     • News     • Sports     • Entertainment   • Photos     • Entertainment     • News     • Sports   • Sports     • Cricket     • Football     • Tennis     • Others   • News     • State     • India     • World     • Business   • Opinion     • Ask the Sexpert     • Sunday Read     • You     • Code 560     • Others     • Views     • Food     • Teen Spirit     • Blogs   • Loksabha Elections     • Photos     • Videos     • Schedule     • Campaign Tracker     • Modi Meter   • Coronavirus   • All Coronavirus   • Bollywood   • Hollywood   • Reviews   • Lounge   • South Masala Bangalore   • Cover story   • Crime   • Civic   • Others Entertainment   • Bollywood   • Hollywood   • Reviews   • Lounge   • South Masala Videos   • News   • Sports   • Entertainment Photos   • Entertainment   • News   • Sports Sports   • Cricket   • Football   • Tennis   • Others News   • State   • India   • World   • Business Opinion   • Ask the Sexpert   • Sunday Read   • You   • Code 560   • Others   • Views   • Food   • Teen Spirit   • Blogs Others   • Letters to the Editor   • Sci-Tech   • Leisure   • Trending Today   • Lit.Mus 2014   • Home     • /   • Entertainment     • /   • South Masala     • /   • Movies that stirred, moved      Movies that stirred, moved & shook us      Updated: May 3, 2013, 16:34 IST     • Facebook     • Twitter     • Linkedin     • Email     • Share     • Facebook     • Twitter     • Linkedin     • Email     Print this article     Reduce font size     Increase font size     Movies that stirred, moved & shook us       TAMIL — K Hariharan     K Hariharan is the director of LV Prasad Film Academy, Chennai      1. Parasakthi (1952) Krishna & Panju     This landmark film virtually heralds the power of the Dravidian-centric mindset that would dominate the popular Tamil ideology until the late 70s. Highly critical of the state and its Brahminical values, directors Krishnan and Panju get the best out of writer Karunanidhi (five-time CM) and a debutante called Sivaji Ganesan.       2. Pasamalar (1961) Bhimsingh      Director Bhimsingh was a master of family melodramas and this film with tuneful songs by duo Viswanathan-Ramamurthy with lyricist Kannadasan embellished the conflicts that modernity brings into traditional families. Thespians Sivaji and Savitri set the benchmarks for tear-jerking performances.             3. Nenjil Oru Aalayam (1962)C V Sridhar     CV Sridhar could be the first auteur filmmaker in Tamil cinema. Backed by cinematographer Vincent who could paint with camera movements and lights, this black-and-white masterpiece narrates a story of misunderstandings and cursed destinies.            4. Thaneer Thaneer(1981) K Balachander      Though K Balachander set his tone as the narrator of middle-class maladies, he ventures here into political satire. A powerful script by Komal Swaminathan highlights the plight of rural people who get exploited by politicians with promise of water.      5. Moondram Pirai (1982) Balu Mahendra      Deeply inspired by East European cinema, writer/ director/ cinematographer/editor Balu Mahendra probes into the psyche of sexuality, watching a young man (Kamal Haasan) left alone to save a beautiful but mentally challenged woman (Sridevi). The languorous ambience of Ooty and the seductive tunes of Ilayaraja drive us into this star-crossed mindscape.       6. Nayakan (1987) Mani Ratnam      Mani Ratnam and Kamal Haasan put Tamil cinema on the national map with this amazing generic noir film about modern gangsters. The film combines Kamal’s dynamic portrayal of the evolution of a vigilante, Mani’s unique take on social violence, Ilayaraja’s soulful music and PC Sriram’s outstanding photography to set new milestones.            7. Autograph(2004) Cheran      Cheran sets himself apart in this unique road movie which takes us on a journey into the growing up from adolescence into adulthood to marry the chosen one. Cheran underplays the trauma of separations. Mallika, Gopika,  Kanika and Sneha deliver outstanding performances.            8. Subramaniapuram (2008) Sasikumar      This runaway hit by Sasikumar documents the angst of the misled Tamil youth in the 80s who take to political crime as a normal way of existence. The harsh realities of life in a small town full of unemployed young men and betrayed political promises set the stage for a new awakening out of a false utopia.      9. Aranya Kandam (2011) K Thyagarajan      With this debut film,  Kumararaja Thyagarajan establishes himself as one who is in complete control of the script and its visualisation. Set in the disorganised landscape of North Chennai, the film dissects the impoverished machismo of the criminal world as they execute their devious plans in unplanned ways.       10. Naan Kadavul(2009) Bala             Director Bala is probably the most uncompromising maverick whose works continue to attract audiences and critical acclaim at the same time. Despite being morose, dark and disgusting, this film manages to tug at the conscience of the Tamil viewers to see the consequences of unbridled religiosity and superstition.      MALAYALAM — C S Venkiteswaran        Based in Thirivananthapuram, C S Venkiteshwaran is a National-award winning critic      Bhargavinilayam (1964)  A Vincent      One of the most celebrated ‘ghost house’ films in Malayalam, Bhargavinilayam is a complex story about the workings of the mind of a writer who conjures up characters to fill the void within him and to overcome the writer’s block that haunts him. Evocative visuals and memorable songs add to its everlasting appeal.      Olavum Theeravum (1969)  PN Menon      One of the first Malayalam films to break out of the claustrophobic ambience of the studio sets and was shot almost entirely on location. This tragic yet lyrical love story that unfolds by the river and the village on the banks sparked off a new film idiom that inspired a generation of future filmmakers.      Nirmalyam (1973)  M T Vasudevan Nair      An iconoclastic film that heartwrenchingly portrays the gradual but inevitable doom of an aging oracle in a village temple. With the good old world crumbling around him, here is the story of a man (brilliant performance by P J Antony) desperately clinging on to his die-hard belief in divinity and also humanity.      Athithi (1974)  K P Kumaran      A haunting film about the endless wait for the saviour -  the one who is handsome, rich and strong; one who will come to save us all from the hell that our life here is.  Athithi resonated with the angst of the Malayalee society, that was fast turning into a money-order economy.       Kanchanasita (1977) G Aravindan        A unique cinematic interpretation of the epic Ramayana, where the mythic characters are stripped of all their divinity and minimalised to their essentials –in their attire, habitat and being, thus foregrounding the all too human yet momentous conflicts that underlie the epic story.      Yaro Oral (1978) Pavithran      The most enigmatic ‘personal’ film in Malayalam, Yaro Oral is a surrealist take on our life and times. Weaving together an array of characters and a series of disjointed episodes that often recur, the film ponders through the lens of death upon the absurdity of life.      Elipathayam (1981) Adoor Gopalakrishnan      One of the most powerful films about the other side of feudalism in Indian cinema, not about its explicit macho violence but about the way it works through a deeply exploitative system of allegiance and dependence.  A clinical account of the gradual degeneration of a middle-aged man, it's a portrayal of his gradual isolation.      Amma Ariyan (1986)  John Abraham       A poignant journey through the emotional and mental ruins of Kerala’s radical past.  Starting with the suicide of a young artist, the film journeys through Kerala, evoking memories of the past struggles and the desperate hopes and flares it has left behind. Funded entirely through small donations from the public, it was also a radical experiment in film production.      Swaroopam (1992)  K R Mohanan       Swaroopam is a prophetic film about the havoc that ‘imagined past’ and its glories can wreak on the warp and woof of our everyday, ordinary lives.  Shot almost entirely in bleak colour tones, the film comments upon the way in which we tend to cling to the past, evacuating and negating the present.      Maranasimhasanam (1999)  Murali Nair      An acerbic political satire about the ‘progressive’ politics of Kerala.  Set in a metaphoric island that is marooned from the currents of the outside world, the film presents the macabre drama about a village seeking foreign loan to purchase an electric chair.       Kannada — Prakash Belawadi      Based in Bangalore, Belawadi is founder, Centre for Film & Drama       1. Bara (1980)  M S Sathyu      For many, MS Sathyu's connection with films starts and ends with Garam Hawa. That film certainly features in best of Indian cinema but he has quite a few films in Kannada that have stood the test of time. This film, based on UR Ananthamurthy's short story, is about a government officer (Anant Nag) caught between two politicians making hay in the time of famine. Everyone loves a good drought and a good film.      2. Belli Moda (1966) Puttanna Kanagal      The first film of director Puttanna Kanagal in Kannada heralded the arrival of the legend. The 1966 film had many firsts to its credit: the first film that was completely shot outdoors. All of Puttanna's films were based on novels and this trend was copied by many filmmakers then and later.  Female characters, too, started becoming protagonists for the first time since this film.      3. Bhootayyana Maga Ayyu (1974)Siddalingaiah      Siddalingaiah, who made Bangaarada Manushya, two years before made this film based on a novel by Gorur Ramaswamy Iyengar. If there is anyone who is considered a better director than Puttanna Kanagal in Kannada, it is Siddalingaiah. The film also shot Vishnuvardhan into the limelight.       4. Chomana Dudi (1975)      B V Karanth      Shivaram Karanth had made films in the silent era and this film, based on his novel, won the Swarna Kamal as well as the Best Actor National Award for M V Vasudeva Rao. There are films on the condition of Dalits and there is Chomana Dudi. If a film could be the milestone of a society, this film has already been firmly planted.      5. Mayura (1975) Vijay      This 1975 film has perhaps the best historical role by Rajkumar. Both director Vijay and Rajkuamr were at the peak of their prowess and the story about the first Kannada king was an inspiring tale. Mesmerising will be an understatement to the effect this film had on the masses. Though commercial to the core, it is one such film that gave a new direction and dimension to the filmmaking then.      6. Naagarahaavu (1972) Puttanna Kanagal      Puttanna Kanagal is universally considered the best director in Kannada language. Based on three novels by Ta Ra Subba Rao, this film made a star out of Vishnuvardhan and created some of the most memorable characters in Kannada film history. In 1972, while parallel cinema was creating waves with their bold themes, even popular cinema showed that no subject was taboo, be it  prostitution or inter-religious affairs.       7. Ondaanondu Kaaladalli (1978) Girish Karnad      The film started the era of Shankar Nag in Kannada. Director Girish Karnad was influenced by Kurosawa's Samurai works. The 1978 film went on to achieve cult status because it went beyond the looks and subjects that were common to Indian movies of the time. A warrior in a time gone by and his trials in a feudal society were something very new, if not alien, to the audience then. Even now.      8. Parasangada Gendethimma (1978)  M Shivaram      In 1978, M Shivaram made what is now considered a classic. It is another matter that actor Lokesh came to be referred as Gendethimma for the rest of his life. A tribal lad's life takes an amazing turn after marrying a city girl. The film spoke about the changing traditions and values.       9. Samskara (1970)       Pattabhi Rama Reddy       Samskara sparked the new-wave cinema movement in Karnataka. The film heralded the blend between strong Kannada literature and Kannada films. The film was based on a story by UR Ananthamurthy and starred two other big names in Kannada literature; P Lankesh and Girish Karnad.      10. Sri Krishnadevaraya (1970)  B R Panthulu      BR Panthulu's epic creation was released in 1970. The director has many historical films to his credit not only in Kannada, but in Tamil and Telugu as well. This one takes the pride of place among the many jewels he was responsible for. The most popular Kannada actor Rajkumar enacting perhaps the most popular Kannada ruler was significant in the era when Kannada nationalism was gaining ground.       Telugu — JALAPATHY  GUDELLI     Based in Hyderabad, Jalapathy is a film writer and critic      1. Mallishwari (1951)  B N Reddy      Starring NTR and Bhanumati, the film is a love story set in the period of King Krishnadevaraya. A simple story narrated with beautiful artistry by director B N Reddy, it was also the first Telugu film screened at an international film festival (1952, Peking ). Eminent critic Baburao Patel paid his tributes, ""An inspiring motion picture, a picture that will save us the blush when compared with the best of motion pictures of the world.""            2. Pathala Bhairavi (1951) K V Reddy             Directed by K V Reddy, Pathala Bhairavi remains the best fantasy film -- the story has shades of the Aladdin tale -- made in Telugu. Its influence can also be seen on many movies, including Rajamouli's Magadheera. It is a milestone in the careers of KV Reddy and NTR.            3. Devadasu (1953)      Vedantam Raghavaiah       Many versions popped up in various languages in India based on Sharat Chandra Chattopadhyay's epic work,  but the Telugu version, directed by Vedantam Raghavaiah, is often rated the best. Devadasu's character is a jewel in the career of legendary Akkineni Nageswara Rao. The film was also dubbed in Tamil by the same name.      4. Mayabazar (1957) K V Reddy      A very populist version of Mahabharata with mellifluous songs and visual effects, then known as trick photography, done by British cinematographer Marcus Bartley. Starring NTR, ANR, SV Ranga Rao and Savithri, the film is an all-time favourite of Andhraites around the globe.       5. Sudigundalu (1968) Adurthi Subbarao       At a time when melodramas and mythological movies were ruling the roost, Sudigundalu dealt with a serious social cause: the parental responsibility in upbringing  children. Directed by Adurthi Subbarao, the film is loosely inspired by Hollywood film Compulsion (1959).      6. Shankarabharanam (1980) K Vishwanath      Director K Vishwanath's Shankarabharanam is featured in many critics and film-makers' all-time favorite classics. Starring then newcomer J V Somayajulu, the film narrates the epicness of Indian classical music. It has won a host of National Awards.       7. Maa Bhoomi (1980) Gautam Ghosh      Bengali director Gautam Ghosh's directorial debut chronicles the Telangana people's rebellion against oppressive Nizam rule. It is one of the very few films in Telugu made with a documentary-style approach. The film picked National Award for best regional film.      8. Rudraveena (1988) K Balachander       K Balachander returns to Telugu films after Maro Charitra with Rudraveena. Inspired by the life of Anna Hazare, this film deals with a young idealistic son (played by Chiranjeevi) of a musical thespian (Gemini Ganeshan) who transforms his village with his idealistic activities.       9. Shiva (1989) Ram Gopal Varma       Shiva is an important milestone in Telugu cinema with Ram Gopal Varma becoming an icon of sorts with this movie. He made more classics like Satya, Company, but his journey started with Shiva, which helped Tollywood become more technically sound. Ilayaraja's background score for this film is famous even today.      10. Eega 2012 Rajamouli      This Rajamouli film  could be a disputed choice, but it still makes the cut. On the surface, Eega may seem like a simple revenge drama, but the film is testimony of the vision and ambition of a film-maker who has just got wings to fly. It is also example of technical finesse that Tollywood has achieved. Entertainment at its best.                    GALLERIES View more photos     • Aero India 2021: 13th edition of air show begins todayAero India 2021: 13th edition of air show begins today     • Pedestrians Only!Pedestrians Only!     • PM lays foundation stone of new Parliament buildingPM lays foundation stone of new Parliament building     Most Popular     • Most Read     • Most commented   • Bengaluru Pink Line nears final safety clearanceBengaluru Pink Line nears final safety ... Bengaluru Pink Line nears final safety clearance   • Ejipura flyover audit flags massive irregularities, delays and defectsEjipura flyover audit flags massive irr... Ejipura flyover audit flags massive irregularities, delays and defects   • BDA’s housing trouble reaches breaking pointBDA’s housing trouble reaches breaking ... BDA’s housing trouble reaches breaking point   • Flyover finish line finally nearFlyover finish line finally near   • Twin tunnel dreams stuck in trafficTwin tunnel dreams stuck in traffic   • CM opposes fuel price hike, seeks rollbackCM opposes fuel price hike, seeks rollb... CM opposes fuel price hike, seeks rollback     • Flyover finish line finally nearFlyover finish line finally near     • Bengaluru Pink Line nears final safety clearanceBengaluru Pink Line nears final safety ... Bengaluru Pink Line nears final safety clearance     • Government directs stocking of essential medicines ahead of chemists’ strikeGovernment directs stocking of essentia... Government directs stocking of essential medicines ahead of chemists’ strike     • CM opposes fuel price hike, seeks rollbackCM opposes fuel price hike, seeks rollb... CM opposes fuel price hike, seeks rollback     • Complaint marked ‘closed’, footpath says otherwiseComplaint marked ‘closed’, footpath say... Complaint marked ‘closed’, footpath says otherwise     • PGCET 2026 MBA and MCA exams postponed to June 14PGCET 2026 MBA and MCA exams postponed ... PGCET 2026 MBA and MCA exams postponed to June 14     From Entertainment     • Most Read     • Most commented     • Movie Review - Sher: Over-the-top action film is bursting at its seamsMovie Review - Sher: Over-the-top actio... Movie Review - Sher: Over-the-top action film is bursting at its seams     • Not just pulling a stuntNot just pulling a stunt     • Seal it with a kissSeal it with a kiss     • No comments please: Mouni chooses privacyNo comments please: Mouni chooses priva... No comments please: Mouni chooses privacy     • Movie Review - LO Naveena: Funny moments of lifeMovie Review - LO Naveena: Funny moment... Movie Review - LO Naveena: Funny moments of life     • Wooing in whiteWooing in white     • CM opposes fuel price hike, seeks rollbackCM opposes fuel price hike, seeks rollb... CM opposes fuel price hike, seeks rollback     • BDA’s housing trouble reaches breaking pointBDA’s housing trouble reaches breaking ... BDA’s housing trouble reaches breaking point     POLLHave you taken your vaccine shot?     Pick your favorite and click vote     64 + 2 =     MORE POLLS           • Mumbai Mirror     • Ahmedabad Mirror     • Pune Mirror     • Times of India     • Economic Times     • Bombay Times     • E-paper     • M-Paper     • Cricbuzz     • Marathi News     • Miss Kyra     • HappyTrips     • Order Newspaper     • Weekend Getaways from Mumbai     • Games App     • MX Player     • Times Now     • ET Now     • Zoom TV     • Mirror Now     • Times Now     • ET Now     • About Us     • Advertise with us     • Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy     • Privacy Policy      Copyright © Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service
otherwise     • PGCET 2026 MBA and MCA exams postponed to June 14PGCET 2026 MBA and MCA exams postponed ... PGCET 2026 MBA and MCA exams postponed to June 14     From Entertainment     • Most Read     • Most commented     • Movie Review - Sher: Over-the-top action film is bursting at its seamsMovie Review - Sher: Over-the-top actio... Movie Review - Sher: Over-the-top action film is bursting at its seams     • Not just pulling a stuntNot just pulling a stunt     • Seal it with a kissSeal it with a kiss     • No comments please: Mouni chooses privacyNo comments please: Mouni chooses priva... No comments please: Mouni chooses privacy     • Movie Review - LO Naveena: Funny moments of lifeMovie Review - LO Naveena: Funny moment... Movie Review - LO Naveena: Funny moments of life     • Wooing in whiteWooing in white     • CM opposes fuel price hike, seeks rollbackCM opposes fuel price hike, seeks rollb... CM opposes fuel price hike, seeks rollback     • BDA’s housing trouble reaches breaking pointBDA’s housing trouble reaches breaking ... BDA’s housing trouble reaches breaking point     POLLHave you taken your vaccine shot?     Pick your favorite and click vote     64 + 2 =     MORE POLLS           • Mumbai Mirror     • Ahmedabad Mirror     • Pune Mirror     • Times of India     • Economic Times     • Bombay Times     • E-paper     • M-Paper     • Cricbuzz     • Marathi News     • Miss Kyra     • HappyTrips     • Order Newspaper     • Weekend Getaways from Mumbai     • Games App     • MX Player     • Times Now     • ET Now     • Zoom TV     • Mirror Now     • Times Now     • ET Now     • About Us     • Advertise with us     • Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy     • Privacy Policy      Copyright © Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service
__label__wiki Open accessibility guideSkip to sections navigationSkip to contentSkip to footer The Sydney Morning Herald logo The Sydney Morning Herald logo Good Food logo   • Eating out     • Just open     • Reviews     • Best of     • News     • Suburb guides     • Regional guides     • International guides     • Good Food Guide     • Good Food Events   • Recipes     • Latest recipes     • Quick and easy     • Budget     • Healthy     • Vegetarian     • One-pot meals     • Baking     • Entertaining     • Chicken     • Pasta     • Recipe collections     • Search recipes   • Tips & advice     • Health and nutrition     • How to     • Masterclass     • Brain food   • Drinks Saved Advertisement FoodAussie icons  Dozer, the beloved dog of RecipeTin Eats’ fame, has died  The chief taste-tester and beloved best friend of RecipeTin Eats’ Nagi Maehashi has gone to the big dog kitchen in the sky.  Dani Valent Dani Valent  February 8, 2026  You have reached your maximum number of saved items.  Remove items from your saved list to add more.  Dozer, the beloved canine companion of RecipeTin Eats founder Nagi Maehashi, has died aged 13. The Golden Retriever entered veterinary ICU on January 22 with a double lung infection. Always the optimist and with the very best care, he rallied and returned home before being readmitted.  On February 3, Maehashi posted a blog titled The Final Chapter: Life of Dozer, accepting the reality of her dog’s decline and announcing she was stepping back from work to be with him in his last days and hopefully weeks. On Sunday, she confirmed that on February 5, he wagged his last.  Dozer predates RecipeTin Eats by two years. As a founding member of the popular recipe-creation team, the adored 40kg dog was installed as Chief Taste Tester even though Maehashi admits that, in true retriever style, he wasn’t that discerning.  Nagi Maehashi and her beloved dog Dozer of RecipeTin Eats fame. James Brickwood  “He’s useless at taste testing because according to him, everything is scoff-worthy,” she wrote. “From broccoli to mango, peas to sushi, he inhales sweet potato skins and devours watermelon rinds like they’re meaty bones.”  Advertisement  The sweet softie was a constant presence in RecipeTin Eats photo shoots, and he attended book signings, dinners and fundraisers alongside his owner. When he couldn’t be there, he came as a cardboard cut-out.  Restaurant reviews, news and the hottest openings served to your inbox.  Sign up  Dozer updates became such a part of Maehashi’s communication with her devoted audience that the dog now has his own tab on every blog post. Readers can “jump to” recipe, video or Dozer, where the content includes cute snaps under the dining table, health updates, pics of Dozer at the beach or, perhaps, staring longingly at the washing machine while his toys tumble inside.  Best friends Nagi and Dozer. 1 / 6Best friends Nagi and Dozer.Rob Palmer Nagi Maehashi testing recipes with Dozer. 2 / 6Nagi Maehashi testing recipes with Dozer.James Brickwood Nagi and Dozer brush up on recipes from bestselling RecipeTin Eats cookbook Tonight. 3 / 6Nagi and Dozer brush up on recipes from bestselling RecipeTin Eats cookbook Tonight.James Brickwood Nagi and Dozer get into the Christmas spirit. 4 / 6Nagi and Dozer get into the Christmas spirit.Rob Palmer Dozer always kept a watchful (and hopeful) eye on Nagi’s recipe creations. 5 / 6Dozer always kept a watchful (and hopeful) eye on Nagi’s recipe creations.Rob Palmer Selfies on the sofa with Dozer. 6 / 6Selfies on the sofa with Dozer.James Brickwood  Dozer appeared on PlaySchool and the cover of The Big Issue, also featuring in a children’s book called Row, Row, Row Your Boat (With Monsters) by Adam Simpson.  The breed’s average life span is 10 to 12 years. In 2024, aged 11, Dozer underwent surgery for laryngeal paralysis, a condition that made it hard for him to breathe. He recovered slowly and was never quite his old, bouncy self.  Advertisement The sweet softie was a constant presence in RecipeTin Eats photo shoots, and he attended book signings, dinners and fundraisers alongside his owner.  Post-surgery, Maehashi wrote, “You’ve been the one constant in my life since the moment I got you. You love unconditionally. You’re unwaveringly faithful. You want to be friends with everyone. I have wanted you all my life. But I waited and waited until I knew I was in a position to be able to care for you properly, when I was done with the corporate world, travelling overseas and working long hours in the city.  “I knew you would need care and attention as you grew older. You’re so fit and healthy for your age, but it was inevitable that time would catch up with you one day. Whatever the coming years bring, I will be here for you to do whatever I can to make your life happy and comfortable. I love you with all my heart, Dozer.”  In the introduction to her 2024 book, Tonight, which has Nagi and Dozer on the cover, the author wrote in her introduction: “Cooking, eating, photographing and sharing recipes of damn tasty food with people all around the world, with Dozer by my side, is what makes me happy. Full stop, end of story.”  Advertisement  The world has only known Nagi alongside her sidekick dog. His story has stopped, he will live on in RecipeTin Eats books, blog and in the heart of his adoring custodian.  Related  Nagi Maehashi of RecipeTin Eats.   • Recipe collection  RecipeTin Eats x Good Food recipes  You have reached your maximum number of saved items.  Remove items from your saved list to add more.  License this article  More:    • Aussie icons   • For subscribers Dani ValentDani Valent is a food writer and restaurant reviewer.  From our partners  Advertisement Advertisement Good Food logo InstagramFacebookTwitterTikTok The Sydney Morning Herald logo TwitterFacebookInstagramRSS  Our Sites  The Sydney Morning HeraldThe AgeBrisbane TimesWAtodayThe Australian Financial Reviewnine.com.auDrive  Classifieds  TributesPlace your ad  The Sydney Morning Herald  Contact & supportAdvertise with usNewslettersAccessibility guideSitemapPhoto salesPurchase front pagesContent licensingWork with usTerms of usePrivacy policyPress CouncilCharter of Editorial IndependenceAI Editorial Guidelines  Products & Services  Subscription packagesMy accountSubscriber FAQsDelivery statusToday’s PaperGood Food GuideDaily Puzzles Copyright © 2026 Subscribe
ePrivacy policyPress CouncilCharter of Editorial IndependenceAI Editorial Guidelines  Products & Services  Subscription packagesMy accountSubscriber FAQsDelivery statusToday’s PaperGood Food GuideDaily Puzzles Copyright © 2026 Subscribe
__label__wiki 292d Madras Day: The film songs that best capture the city’s diverse spirit   • Become A Member   • Gift Membership   • Gift Membership Scroll.in Logo   • Gift Membership   • Sign In   • Become A Member   • Home   • Common Ground   • The Latest   • Members-Only   • Video   • Eco India   • The Reel   • Magazine   • Trending     Trending     • Ramachandra Guha: Seven power partnerships shaped independent India. Which were the most damaging?        Ramachandra Guha: Seven power partnerships shaped independent India. Which were the most damaging?        Ramachandra Guha     • How slow counting of votes in Bengal helped BJP win a lost seat from Trinamool        How slow counting of votes in Bengal helped BJP win a lost seat from Trinamool        Anant Gupta     • A new book argues women must think of themselves as ‘providers’ and not just financially independent        A new book argues women must think of themselves as ‘providers’ and not just financially independent        Harnidh Kaur     • The forgotten plan to station Canadian soldiers in British India        The forgotten plan to station Canadian soldiers in British India        Ajay Kamalakaran     • How lovingly curated independent bookstores are helping reading culture grow in India        How lovingly curated independent bookstores are helping reading culture grow in India        Aakriti Mandhwani     • Andhra Pradesh to offer incentive of Rs 30,000 for third child, Rs 40,000 for fourth        Andhra Pradesh to offer incentive of Rs 30,000 for third child, Rs 40,000 for fourth        Scroll Staff     • ‘Baapya’ review: A gender bender about a man who loved a woman who was always a man        ‘Baapya’ review: A gender bender about a man who loved a woman who was always a man        Nandini Ramnath     • ‘Indian Institute of Zombies’ review: Backbenchers to the rescue in inspired but uneven comedy        ‘Indian Institute of Zombies’ review: Backbenchers to the rescue in inspired but uneven comedy        Nandini Ramnath     • Oxfam was involved in campaign against Assam tea industry, violated FCRA, claims Centre in HC        Oxfam was involved in campaign against Assam tea industry, violated FCRA, claims Centre in HC        Scroll Staff     • Should you exercise in the morning or evening? Depends on your body clock        Should you exercise in the morning or evening? Depends on your body clock        Paul Hough, The Conversation     • Excesses in the time of austerity        Excesses in the time of austerity        Nachiket Deuskar     • Mahesh Bhatt on his mother Shrin: ‘The woman who belonged everywhere’        Mahesh Bhatt on his mother Shrin: ‘The woman who belonged everywhere’        Mahesh Bhatt        &        Sunita Pant Bansal     We Need Your Help     Scroll has produced award-winning journalism despite threats, falling ad revenues and rising costs. Support our work. Become a member today.   • More     More     • Politics     • Culture     • India     • World     • Film and TV     • Music     • Books and Ideas     • Business and Economy     • Health     • Education     • Climate and Environment     Newsletters     • The Daily Brief     • Now Watching By The Reel     Read on the Go     Get updates     • 3156     Please Don't Look Away     AI is hollowing out independent media, stealing our readership and revenue. Only you can stop this bleeding. Support our work. Join Scroll today!   • Newsletters  1098f Ad OTHERS ARE  Reading icon icon    • Ramachandra Guha: Seven power partnerships shaped independent India. Which were the most damaging?     1      Ramachandra Guha: Seven power partnerships shaped independent India. Which were the most damaging?   • How slow counting of votes in Bengal helped BJP win a lost seat from Trinamool     2      How slow counting of votes in Bengal helped BJP win a lost seat from Trinamool   • A new book argues women must think of themselves as ‘providers’ and not just financially independent     3      A new book argues women must think of themselves as ‘providers’ and not just financially independent   • The forgotten plan to station Canadian soldiers in British India     4      The forgotten plan to station Canadian soldiers in British India   • How lovingly curated independent bookstores are helping reading culture grow in India     5      How lovingly curated independent bookstores are helping reading culture grow in India   • Andhra Pradesh to offer incentive of Rs 30,000 for third child, Rs 40,000 for fourth     6      Andhra Pradesh to offer incentive of Rs 30,000 for third child, Rs 40,000 for fourth   • ‘Baapya’ review: A gender bender about a man who loved a woman who was always a man     7      ‘Baapya’ review: A gender bender about a man who loved a woman who was always a man   • ‘Indian Institute of Zombies’ review: Backbenchers to the rescue in inspired but uneven comedy     8      ‘Indian Institute of Zombies’ review: Backbenchers to the rescue in inspired but uneven comedy   • Oxfam was involved in campaign against Assam tea industry, violated FCRA, claims Centre in HC     9      Oxfam was involved in campaign against Assam tea industry, violated FCRA, claims Centre in HC   • Should you exercise in the morning or evening? Depends on your body clock     10      Should you exercise in the morning or evening? Depends on your body clock Tamil cinema  Madras Day: The film songs that best capture the city’s diverse spirit  Numerous film tunes have paid tribute to the Tamil Nadu capital’s uniqueness and beauty.  Sruthi Ganapathy Raman Aug 22, 2017 · 03:00 pm   • Share on Facebook   • Share on X   • Share on LinkedIn   • Share on BlueSky   • Share on Threads   • Share on Reddit   • Copy Link   • Email   • Print Add Scroll on Google iOS App Android App Madras Day: The film songs that best capture the city’s diverse spirit  What better way to mark the founding of the city once known as Madras than by singing songs in its praise?  Whether through lyrics or locations, Tamil film songs have celebrated the wonders of Chennai in numerous ways. In May Madham (1994), a poncho-clad Manorama plays the city’s wackiest tour guide to Vineeth and Sonali Kulkarni in Madrasa Suthi Paaka Poren. Accompanied by lungi-wearing guitarists and Manorama, Sonali Kulkarni’s character sings, “I will build a house on the Marina beach and will stand atop the lighthouse.”  The song’s veneration of Chennai doesn’t end with the lyrics but also seeps into the visuals, providing gorgeous views of Napier bridge, Ripon building, Marina beach and Anna Salai.  Play Madrasa Suthi Paaka Poren from May Madham.  A different kind of wonderment is expressed in Madras Nalla Madras from K Balachander’s Anubavi Raja Anubavi (1967). A village simpleton (Nagesh) tries to keep up with the fast-paced city and the speeding traffic. True to Balachander’s style, the song’s lyrics are spiced with satire. The difference between a man and a woman aren’t apparent, Nagesh sings, strolling past the iconic LIC building and the Buhari restaurant.  Madras Nalla Madras from Anubavi Raja Anubavi (1967).  Chennai’s unique slang is paired with rap music in Pettai Rap from Shankar’s Kadhalan (1994). “Ammapettai Ayyampettai Teynaampettai Thengai Mattai,” Vadivelu sings, covering the important neighbourhoods of Chennai while dancing with the rubber-limbed Prabhudeva.  One of the pettais, Pudhupettai, features in Selvaraghavan’s Enga Area Ulla Varathey from his 2006 film of the same name. Marking the invisible border between North Chennai and other neighbourhoods, the song is replete with Chennai lingo, down to Dhanush’s character name: Kokki Kumar. The song subsequently became the tagline of Venkat Prabhu’s Chennai 600028 (2007).  Play Enga Area Ulla Varathey from Pudhupettai (2006).  One of the city’s modern anthems is Enga Ooru Madras from Pa Ranjith’s Madras (2014). From the rickety housing board societies in Vyasarpadi to the graffiti art in George Town, the song captures the essence of the movie’s protagonist, which is the city itself. “Ripon building, High court ellam sengal mannal mattum alla, engaloda rathangalum senthirrukum”: the likes of Ripon building and the High Court were built not just with bricks, but also our blood.  Pandiraj’s Marina (2012) captures life on the city’s most famous beach. Vannakam Chennai from the film features celebrities such as Prakash Raj, Sashi Kumar, Sneha, Vikram and Vimal singing Chennai’s praises.  Play Enga ooru Madras from Madras (2014).  Words are not the only way to pay tribute to a city. Several film songs capture Chennai’s physical beauty and geographical and cultural diversity through locations and backdrops. CV Sridhar’s Manidhan Enbavan from Sumaithaangi (1962) sees Gemini Ganesan strolls through the stretch of Marina beach, crooning about the wonders of humanity.  Resembling the statue of Thomas Munro on a horse – one of Madras’s most popular governors – in Anna Salai, MG Ramachandran rides a galloping white horse along the streets of the city in Nenjam Undu Nermai Undu from En Annan (1970). The song includes glimpses of Ripon building, the real Thomas Munro statue and, of course, the statue of Ramachandran’s mentor CN Annadurai on Mount Road.  Play Nenjam Undu Nermai Undu from En Annan (1970).  In 1968, one of Chennai’s strikingly tall structures was enshrined on film in CV Rajendran’s romantic drama Galata Kalyanam, starring J Jayalalithaa, Sivaji Ganesan, Nagesh, Cho Ramaswamy and Manorama. The famous MS Viswanathan composition Engal Kalyanam features courtship at Anna Nagar Tower Park – a practice that has been observed in real life too.  Engal Kalyanam from Galata Kalyanam (1968).  Rajinikanth and Radhika cover almost the entire stretch of Mount Road in Ivan Peru Ranga from Ranga (1982). Gliding past the LIC building, Gemini flyover, and Chennai High Court, the chirpy newly-weds croon their love for each other.  The Chennai monsoon acts as a delightful distraction for the rebellious young Divya (Revathi) in Oho Megham Vandhado from Mani Ratnam’s Mouna Ragam (1986). Even as her prospective groom waits for her at her house, Divya and her friends dance on Elliot’s Beach. The beach also makes a fleeting appearance in Konja Naal Poru Thalaiva from Aasai (1995).  Play Ivan Peru Ranga from Ranga (1982).  Elliot’s Beach, along with the LIC building and Napier bridge, are among Chennai’s most camera-friendly landmarks. In Gautham Menon’s Vaaranam Aayiram (2008), the song Yethi Yethi provides a well-rounded visual tour. A young Suriya shakes a leg along with his classmates in the song, which provides glimpses of Pilot theatre, Adyar beach and the temples of Mylapore.  M Manikandan’s Kaaka Muttai (2015) turns the lens away from the picture postcard views and towards its underbelly. The beautifully shot Sel Sel song maps the impoverished world of two brothers from the Saidapet slums, and stops by at the Cooum river and the tracks of Saidapet railway station.  Other songs that duck into more lived-in neighbourhoods include Aval Appadi Onnum Azhagillai from Angadi Theru (2010), which is set on the lucrative Ranganathan Street, and Shankar’s Mersalaayitten from I (2015), which provides a fabulous view of Vannarapettai, or Washermanpet.  Play Sel Sel from Kaaka Muttai (2015).  Some songs convey the unique flavours of Chennai without resorting to aural or visual gimmicks. Rajinikanth’s Naan Autokaran from Baasha (1995) is an unmatched ode to the hard-working drivers of the city’s ubiquitous three-wheelers.  No matter which exotic international location he might choose to shoot in, director Shankar has a special place in his heart for his city. In Ennaku Oru Girlfriend from Boys (2003), Shankar compresses the elements of 1990s Chennai into the five-minute song: shopping malls, internet surfing, disco hopping and movie theatres. Chikku Bukku Rayile from Shankar’s Gentleman (1993) is an ode to the romance-and-the-railways genre element so dear to filmmakers.  Play Chikku Bukku Rayile from Gentleman (1993).  An indelible part of Tamil music is the Gana genre, which has its origins in North Chennai. “Gana is the expression of Chennai people, of those oppressed, discriminated or pushed away to the fringes by the society... It’s about life, struggle, happiness and everything around him,” explained Marana Gana Viji, who sang Danga Maari Oodhari in Anegan (2014), in an interview in Times of India. Dancing at the slums of Fort George against backdrops of Rajinikanth graffiti and railway stations, the song sees Dhanush throw light on the unique relationship between Gana and the city. Even the simplest of daily routines, such as waiting to fill buckets with water and grabbing breakfast, get a lift with Gana.  Manorama’s Vaa Vathiyare from Bommalattam (1968) is among the earliest tunes to co-opt the musical style into popular cinema. Manorama gives Kamal Haasan a run for his money in Annathe Adurar from Aboorva Sagodhargal (1989). “Kuthuna Kuthuvaen Vaettuna Vaettuvaen”: If you punch, I will punch back and if you cut, I will cut, Hassan sings in the middle of Chennai’s streets, where it is all happening.  Play Annathe Adurar from Aboorva Sagodharargal (1989). We welcome your comments at letters@scroll.in.   • Madras Day   • Tamil Film Music   • Madrasa Suthi Paaka Poren Get the app Get the app ANDROID iOS  Related  Watch: Vijay Sethupathi and Trisha meet S Janaki in deleted scene from ‘96’  Watch: Vijay Sethupathi and Trisha meet S Janaki in deleted scene from ‘96’  Trending    1. Ramachandra Guha: Seven power partnerships shaped independent India. Which were the most damaging?      Ramachandra Guha: Seven power partnerships shaped independent India. Which were the most damaging?   2. How slow counting of votes in Bengal helped BJP win a lost seat from Trinamool      How slow counting of votes in Bengal helped BJP win a lost seat from Trinamool   3. 2d4f A new book argues women must think of themselves as ‘providers’ and not just financially independent      A new book argues women must think of themselves as ‘providers’ and not just financially independent   4. The forgotten plan to station Canadian soldiers in British India      The forgotten plan to station Canadian soldiers in British India   5. How lovingly curated independent bookstores are helping reading culture grow in India      How lovingly curated independent bookstores are helping reading culture grow in India Ad 0
opping malls, internet surfing, disco hopping and movie theatres. Chikku Bukku Rayile from Shankar’s Gentleman (1993) is an ode to the romance-and-the-railways genre element so dear to filmmakers.  Play Chikku Bukku Rayile from Gentleman (1993).  An indelible part of Tamil music is the Gana genre, which has its origins in North Chennai. “Gana is the expression of Chennai people, of those oppressed, discriminated or pushed away to the fringes by the society... It’s about life, struggle, happiness and everything around him,” explained Marana Gana Viji, who sang Danga Maari Oodhari in Anegan (2014), in an interview in Times of India. Dancing at the slums of Fort George against backdrops of Rajinikanth graffiti and railway stations, the song sees Dhanush throw light on the unique relationship between Gana and the city. Even the simplest of daily routines, such as waiting to fill buckets with water and grabbing breakfast, get a lift with Gana.  Manorama’s Vaa Vathiyare from Bommalattam (1968) is among the earliest tunes to co-opt the musical style into popular cinema. Manorama gives Kamal Haasan a run for his money in Annathe Adurar from Aboorva Sagodhargal (1989). “Kuthuna Kuthuvaen Vaettuna Vaettuvaen”: If you punch, I will punch back and if you cut, I will cut, Hassan sings in the middle of Chennai’s streets, where it is all happening.  Play Annathe Adurar from Aboorva Sagodharargal (1989). We welcome your comments at letters@scroll.in.   • Madras Day   • Tamil Film Music   • Madrasa Suthi Paaka Poren Get the app Get the app ANDROID iOS  Related  Watch: Vijay Sethupathi and Trisha meet S Janaki in deleted scene from ‘96’  Watch: Vijay Sethupathi and Trisha meet S Janaki in deleted scene from ‘96’  Trending    1. Ramachandra Guha: Seven power partnerships shaped independent India. Which were the most damaging?      Ramachandra Guha: Seven power partnerships shaped independent India. Which were the most damaging?   2. How slow counting of votes in Bengal helped BJP win a lost seat from Trinamool      How slow counting of votes in Bengal helped BJP win a lost seat from Trinamool   3. 2d4f A new book argues women must think of themselves as ‘providers’ and not just financially independent      A new book argues women must think of themselves as ‘providers’ and not just financially independent   4. The forgotten plan to station Canadian soldiers in British India      The forgotten plan to station Canadian soldiers in British India   5. How lovingly curated independent bookstores are helping reading culture grow in India      How lovingly curated independent bookstores are helping reading culture grow in India Ad 0
__label__wiki 45d3 Update Your Browser  Update Your Browser  You’re using a web browser that isn’t supported by Facebook. To get a better experience, go to one of these sites and get the latest version of your preferred browser: Google Chrome Mozilla Firefox Get Facebook on Your Phone Stay connected anytime, anywhere. 16b4 0
__label__wiki 8000 GDC 06: Resistance Shown - IGN   • Xbox One   • Xbox 360   • PS4   • PS3   • Vita   • Nintendo   • PC   • Mobile   • Movies   • TV   • Tech   • Comics   • Reviews   • Upcoming   • Videos   • Wikis + Cheats   • Podcasts   • Boards   • Trailers IGN on YouTube IGN on Facebook IGN on Twitter MORE Browse   • Shows     • Daily Fix       Monday through Friday       Daily Fix       Netflix Remaking Last Airbender — But WHY?       play latest       • Daily Fix       • Prepare To Try       • HotKeys       • Up At Noon       • Game Scoop!       • Beyond!       • Nintendo Voice Chat       • Unlocked       • more shows       • Fireteam Chat       • IGN Every Ever       • Linked Together       • IGN Spotlight       • IGN Unfiltered       • IGN Access       • IGN Plays     • Game Scoop!       Every Thrs       Game Scoop!       Should New Game+ Be Standard in Single-player Games?       play latest     • Prepare To Try       New episodes every Saturday.       Prepare To Try       Save Solaire - Fighting Gwyn - Part 7       play latest     • Nintendo Voice Chat       8000       Every Friday       Nintendo Voice Chat       Nintendo Switch Online: What Did We Think of the Announcement?- NVC Highlight       play latest   • Reviews   • PS4   • Xbox   • PC   • Nintendo   • Movies   • TV   • Tech   • Esports     • ×     You've Come This Far...     ×       IGN       us       Big Story       Captain Marvel First Trailer       Trending Today       FIFA 19 Review       GDC 06: Resistance Shown       Trending Today       FIFA 19 Review       PlayStation Classic Announced and Dated       Advertisement       Destiny 2: Forsaken Review       Castlevania: Symphony of the Night Seemingly Coming to PS4       Valkyria Chronicles 4 Review       Loki and Scarlet Witch Are Reportedly Getting Their Own TV Shows       New Live-Action Avatar: The Last Airbender Series Coming to Netflix       Do Japanese Games Now Occupy the Space Between Indie and AAA?       Every World Confirmed for KH3 So Far       Project Blue Book: The Stunning True Stories Behind History's New UFO Show       The New GeForce RTX 20 Series Nvidia Preorders Are Live, But Hard to Get       Nintendo Switch Online is Live Now       Is Captain Marvel's Alien Cat Hiding in the First Poster?       Ubisoft Unveils Alexios, an Assassin's Creed Odyssey-Themed Alexa       Is Captain Marvel Human or Alien?       Does Avatar: The Last Airbender Really Need the Live-Action Treatment?       Dark Souls Remastered Network Test Dates Announced for Switch       Take-Two CEO Says Consoles Won't Have 'Closed System Walls' in the Future       Destiny 2 Fans Are Conflicted Over Forsaken's Raid Requirements       Resistance: Fall of Man / 22 Mar 2006 11:33 AM PST        GDC 06: Resistance Shown        Share.       The makers of Ratchet and Clank get a lot less fuzzy, but still keep it surreal.       By Marc Nix        In its platform keynote address at GDC 2006 this morning, Sony Computer Entertainment displayed a new demo for Resistance, the game previously known as I-8.        In development at Insomniac Games (the makers of early Spyros and all the Ratchet and Clanks), the new real-time demo showed the game in much more complete form than the simple FPS that was shown at E3 in 2005. In the demonstration (which may still an alternate version of historic warfare, although the latest trailer showed more of a post-apocalyptic, alien-invader look), the gameplay was shown with new weapons very much like Ratchet and Clank, only now with a more realistic slant. How real did the game demo get? There were body parts tossed about that rolled around on the ground... with realistic physics, of course. The demo also showed off effects such as smoke trails on grenades, tactical troop movements, and enemies that came from the ceilings as the lead character ran down a devastated corridor.        Speaking at the show, Insomniac was said to love the Blu-ray's contribution of tremendous space to gaming. The team also loves the multiple simultaneous processor units.        Check back later for our firsthand impressions of the game.        IN THIS ARTICLE       Resistance: Fall of Man Released Nov. 13th, 2006       PS3       Wiki Guide 35 Pages       IGN Recommends       PlayStation Classic Announced and Dated       PlayStation Classic Announced and Dated       FIFA 19 Review       FIFA 19 Review       Destiny 2: Forsaken Review       Destiny 2: Forsaken Review       Valkyria Chronicles 4 Review       Valkyria Chronicles 4 Review       Castlevania: Symphony of the Night Seemingly Coming to PS4       Castlevania: Symphony of the Night Seemingly Coming to PS4       Loki and Scarlet Witch Are Reportedly Getting Their Own TV Shows       Loki and Scarlet Witch Are Reportedly Getting Their Own TV Shows       Do Japanese Games Now Occupy the Space Between Indi 1839 e and AAA?       Do Japanese Games Now Occupy the Space Between Indie and AAA?       New Live-Action Avatar: The Last Airbender Series Coming to Netflix       New Live-Action Avatar: The Last Airbender Series Coming to Netflix        © 1996-2018 Ziff Davis, LLC       Join the IGN Newsletter       Contact Us Careers Advertise Accessibility Support Terms of Use AdChoices        We encourage you to read our updated PRIVACY POLICY and COOKIE POLICY.        ×       0
__label__wiki bcd4 In Memoriam: Wellborn Jack Jr. – The Ozark Society Skip to content The Ozark Society Logo The Ozark Society Logo   • Home   • Chapters & Activities     • Bayou – Shreveport, LA     • Buffalo River – Gilbert, AR     • Highlands – Fayetteville, AR     • Pulaski – Little Rock, AR     • Schoolcraft – Springfield, MO     • Sugar Creek – Bentonville, AR     • General OS Activities   • Store   • “First River” Documentary   • Donations     • Ozark Society Endowment Fund   • Awards, Grants, Scholarships     • Neil Compton Award     • OS Sassafras Hiking Award       • Sassafras Hiking Award Registration     • Ozark Society Youth Grants     • OS Sassafras Literary Award   • Officers   • About Us     • Pack & Paddle Newsletters     • OS Climate Change Statement     • By Laws     • PDFs  In Memoriam: Wellborn Jack Jr.  Previous Next  In Memoriam: Wellborn Jack Jr.  The Ozark Society2023-05-24T15:21:10-05:00  By Carolyn Shearman and The Shreveport Times  Wellborn Jack Jr. passed away April 4, 2023. He was born in Shreveport on July 23, 1936. He attended Barrett Elementary, Broadmoor Jr. High and Byrd High School. He graduated from LSU and LSU Law School where he was named Editor in Chief of the Law Review. He began the practice of law with his father in Shreveport in 1963. Wellborn had a brilliant mind and a passion for the law. He had an unparalleled commitment to his clients. He was included in “The Best Trial Lawyers of America” collection. Of all the cases he tried in his over 50 years as a trial attorney, two of them especially stood out. He was the first in the country to obtain, in a violent case, a not guilty by reason of insanity verdict based upon PTSD from the Vietnam War. He also defended a member of Earth First in an environmental conspiracy case in AZ. Wellborn was a life-long environmentalist. He was instrumental in creating the Caney Creek Wilderness Area, the first designated wilderness area in AR. He obtained a temporary restraining order to stop the dam ultimately built on the Cossatot River. He was a co-founder of the Kisatchie Chapter of the Ozark Society. He was named Conservationist of the Year. He was awarded the Ozark Society Neil Compton Award in 2002. Wellborn served in the National Guard Reserves. He enjoyed bird watching, hiking, canoeing, sailing, snow skiing, motorcycle riding, running, triathlons, piloting gliders and small planes and spending time with friends of Bill Wilson. He studied the intricate details of every activity in which he engaged and put everything he had plus some into it. He never lost his thirst for and love of knowledge. Everyone who ever met Wellborn knew that they had met someone very special.  Share This Story, Choose Your Platform!  FacebookXRedditLinkedInWhatsAppTumblrPinterestVkEmail The Ozark Society Page load link X Go to Top 0
oming to Netflix        © 1996-2018 Ziff Davis, LLC       Join the IGN Newsletter       Contact Us Careers Advertise Accessibility Support Terms of Use AdChoices        We encourage you to read our updated PRIVACY POLICY and COOKIE POLICY.        ×       0
__label__wiki bcd4 In Memoriam: Wellborn Jack Jr. – The Ozark Society Skip to content The Ozark Society Logo The Ozark Society Logo   • Home   • Chapters & Activities     • Bayou – Shreveport, LA     • Buffalo River – Gilbert, AR     • Highlands – Fayetteville, AR     • Pulaski – Little Rock, AR     • Schoolcraft – Springfield, MO     • Sugar Creek – Bentonville, AR     • General OS Activities   • Store   • “First River” Documentary   • Donations     • Ozark Society Endowment Fund   • Awards, Grants, Scholarships     • Neil Compton Award     • OS Sassafras Hiking Award       • Sassafras Hiking Award Registration     • Ozark Society Youth Grants     • OS Sassafras Literary Award   • Officers   • About Us     • Pack & Paddle Newsletters     • OS Climate Change Statement     • By Laws     • PDFs  In Memoriam: Wellborn Jack Jr.  Previous Next  In Memoriam: Wellborn Jack Jr.  The Ozark Society2023-05-24T15:21:10-05:00  By Carolyn Shearman and The Shreveport Times  Wellborn Jack Jr. passed away April 4, 2023. He was born in Shreveport on July 23, 1936. He attended Barrett Elementary, Broadmoor Jr. High and Byrd High School. He graduated from LSU and LSU Law School where he was named Editor in Chief of the Law Review. He began the practice of law with his father in Shreveport in 1963. Wellborn had a brilliant mind and a passion for the law. He had an unparalleled commitment to his clients. He was included in “The Best Trial Lawyers of America” collection. Of all the cases he tried in his over 50 years as a trial attorney, two of them especially stood out. He was the first in the country to obtain, in a violent case, a not guilty by reason of insanity verdict based upon PTSD from the Vietnam War. He also defended a member of Earth First in an environmental conspiracy case in AZ. Wellborn was a life-long environmentalist. He was instrumental in creating the Caney Creek Wilderness Area, the first designated wilderness area in AR. He obtained a temporary restraining order to stop the dam ultimately built on the Cossatot River. He was a co-founder of the Kisatchie Chapter of the Ozark Society. He was named Conservationist of the Year. He was awarded the Ozark Society Neil Compton Award in 2002. Wellborn served in the National Guard Reserves. He enjoyed bird watching, hiking, canoeing, sailing, snow skiing, motorcycle riding, running, triathlons, piloting gliders and small planes and spending time with friends of Bill Wilson. He studied the intricate details of every activity in which he engaged and put everything he had plus some into it. He never lost his thirst for and love of knowledge. Everyone who ever met Wellborn knew that they had met someone very special.  Share This Story, Choose Your Platform!  FacebookXRedditLinkedInWhatsAppTumblrPinterestVkEmail The Ozark Society Page load link X Go to Top 0
__label__wiki 999 404 Not Found  404  Not Found  The resource requested could not be found on this server!   Proudly powered by LiteSpeed Web Server  Please be advised that LiteSpeed Technologies Inc. is not a web hosting company and, as such, has no control over content found on this site.  0
__label__wiki 8000 Chaka Fattah corruption trial testimony pushed back to May 16 | 6abc.com Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. 6abc 6abc Philadelphia Sections Traffic Video PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Categories U.S. & World Healthcheck Consumer Saving with 6abc Community News Sports Troubleshooters Investigation Entertainment Politics 6abc Loves the Arts Jim Gardner One-on-One Station Info About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Shows Watch Action News Online FYI Philly High School Huddle Live Well Network Laff TV Puerto Rican Panorama Join the Action! Send your pictures and videos to Action News! Follow Us FacebookTwitterGoogle+Newsletters   • BREAKING NEWS LIVE @ 1:45 p.m.: Police update on Cedarbrook deadly shootings     Full Story POLITICS  Fattah corruption trial testimony pushed back to May 16  You need Flash to watch this video.Sorry, your browser doesn't support Flash, needs a Flash update, or has Flash disabled. Congressman Chaka Fattah will have extra time to prepare for his upcoming criminal trial. (WPVI) AP Wednesday, April 06, 2016 A veteran Pennsylvania congressman battling corruption charges has been given two more weeks to prepare for his May trial.  A judge Wednesday has delayed the trial for U.S. Rep. Chaka Fattah and several co-defendants to give them more time to review more than 100,000 documents amassed by prosecutors.  Fattah is running for his 11th term but faces several challengers in the April Democratic primary.  The 59-year-old Fattah is accused of taking bribes and misusing campaign funds and federal grants to repay debt from a failed 2007 run for mayor of Philadelphia.  His co-defendants include a lobbyist and his former chief of staff.  Jury selection in the case will begin on the original trial date of May 2.  U.S. District Judge Harvey Bartle III has delayed the start of testimony until May 16. Related Topics: politics politics philly news corruption trial chaka fattah Center City Philadelphia (Copyright ©2016 by The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments POLITICS This Day In History: President Truman opens White House bowling alley Kasich, in Philly, defends collaboration with Cruz against Trump Hillary Clinton visits 2 Philadelphia churches Bernie Sanders speaks with 6abc Action News Supporters rally for Donald Trump in Del. More Politics Top Stories ESPN: Sam Bradford demands trade after Eagles move for No. 2 pick 2 killed in Cedarbrook ID'd; One killed near candidate LIVE @ 1:45 p.m.: Police update on Cedarbrook deadly shootings Man killed in North Wales church shooting ID'd Appeals court: QB Tom Brady must serve 'Deflategate' penalty Kasich, in Philly, defends collaboration with Cruz against Trump Girl, 16, shot while riding in minivan in Trenton Show More Woman hurt jumping from burning N. Phila. home 2 big brush fires in Poconos intentionally set, officials say Man charged in fatal NJ birthday party shooting CVS recalls herbal tea due to possible Salmonella risk Philadelphia soul singer Billy Paul dies at 81 More News Top Video 2 big brush fires in Poconos intentionally set, officials say Wildwood considers banning hoverboards on boardwalk Kasich, in Philly, defends collaboration with Cruz against Trump 2 killed in Cedarbrook ID'd; One killed near candidate More Video 6abc Philadelphia   • Home   • AccuWeather   • Traffic   • Local News       PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware   • Categories       Video Photos U.S. & World Healthcheck Consumer Saving with 6abc Community News Sports   • Station Info       About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community   • Shows       Watch Action News Online FYI Philly High School Huddle Live Well Network Laff TV Puerto Rican Panorama   • Apps Follow Us FacebookTwitterGoogle+Newsletters Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware U.S. & World Healthcheck Consumer Saving with 6abc Community News Sports About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2016 ABC Inc., WPVI-TV Philadelphia. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. 6abc 6abc Philadelphia Sections Traffic Video PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Categories U.S. & World Healthcheck Consumer Saving with 6abc Community News Sports Troubleshooters Investigation Entertainment Politics 6abc Loves the Arts Jim Gardner One-on-One Station Info About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Shows Watch Action News Online FYI Philly High School Huddle Live Well Network Laff TV Puerto Rican Panorama Join the Action! Send your pictures and videos to Action News! Follow Us FacebookTwitterGoogle+Newsletters Follow Us FacebookTwitterGoogle+Newsletters Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2016 ABC Inc., WPVI-TV Philadelphia 0
__label__wiki  Skip to content Blender   • HOME   • REVIEWS   • RECIPES   • ABOUT   • CONTACT Blender   • HOME   • REVIEWS   • RECIPES   • ABOUT   • CONTACT  Vitamix Pro 750 Blender Review  6 min readThe Vitamix Pro 750 is a modern and stylish machine with enough power and capacity to perform just any functions and do them satisfactorily. Click on this article for a detailed review of the Vitamix Pro 750 Blender.  Read More Twitter Facebook Pinterest Blender Reviews Best Blenders for Green Smoothies  Best Blenders for Green Smoothies  10 min readOne of the easiest ways to consume leafy greens is by incorporating them into refreshing drinks. In this article, we look at some of the best blenders for green smoothies.  Read More Twitter Facebook Pinterest Blender Reviews Best Oster Blenders in the Market- Blenders for Low Budget  Best Oster Blenders in the Market: Blenders for Low Budget  10 min readOster offers a range of affordable blenders with great performance. All options in our list of the best Oster blenders in the market are carefully chosen for your convenience.  Read More Twitter Facebook Pinterest Blender Reviews Best Countertop Blenders Under $100 of 2022  Best Countertop Blenders Under $100 of 2022  10 min readFinding a good blender for under $100 is not difficult if you know what you are looking for. Here’s our carefully chosen list of the best countertop blenders under $100.  Read More Twitter Facebook Pinterest Blender Reviews  LATEST BLENDER REVIEWS  Blendtec Classic 575 Blender Review  Blendtec Classic 575 Blender Review  6 min readIf you are looking for a powerful, reliable blender with digital controls that will last for years, the must be considered.  Twitter Facebook Pinterest Ninja Master Prep Professional QB1004 Blender Review  Ninja Master Prep Professional QB1004 Blender Review  6 min readThe Ninja Master Prep Professional Blender would be a perfect choice for your juices, smoothies, and sauces. It’s highly efficient and versatile worthy of the Ninja name. Read to know more about this blender.  Twitter Facebook Pinterest Top 5 Cheap Vitamix Alternatives In 2022  Top 5 Cheap Vitamix Alternatives In 2022  8 min readTop-quality blenders like Vitamix can be pretty expensive. You may want to go for a Vitamix alternative if you are not ready to spend a fortune on a blender. Check out this article for the top 5 alternatives to a Vitamix blender.  Twitter Facebook Pinterest 5 Of The Best Breville Blenders In 2022  5 Of The Best Breville Blenders In 2022  8 min readBreville has a consistent range of high-quality blenders that are tried and tested. In this article, we have compiled a list of their top blenders that deserves special mention.  Twitter Facebook Pinterest The 5 Best Ninja Blenders in 2022  The 5 Best Ninja Blenders in 2022  9 min readThe Ninja brand is synonymous with innovation, functionality, and affordability. Here’s our selection of the best Ninja blenders this 2022.  Twitter Facebook Pinterest Blendtec Designer 625 Blender Review  Blendtec Designer 625 Blender Review  6 min readThe Blendtec Designer 625 is an entire package filled with many good qualities that everyone should enjoy.  Twitter Facebook Pinterest  POPULAR BLENDER RECIPES  Peanut Butter  Peanut Butter  < 1 min readCreate that classic sandwich spread that everyone loves at the comfort of your own home with this Peanut Butter Recipe.  Twitter Facebook Pinterest The Best Liquid Bases For Smoothies  The Best Liquid Bases For Smoothies  5 min readCan’t choose a suitable liquid base for your smoothie? Here are a few that would give you great results, among others.  Twitter Facebook Pinterest Beet Pico de Gallo  Beet Pico de Gallo  < 1 min readTop off your tortilla chip with the rough, chopped texture of a raw vegetable dip with this Beet Pico de Gallo Recipe.  Twitter Facebook Pinterest How Much Juice Can You Get From a Lemon?  How Much Juice Can You Get From a Lemon?  5 min readTo enjoy your lemons best, you have to know how to get the most out of them, and this is what this entire article is about, teaching you how to get the full contents from a lemon fruit.  Twitter Facebook Pinterest Juicing vs. Blending: Which Has More Health Benefits?  Juicing vs. Blending: Which Has More Health Benefits?  5 min readThere’s only so much differentiating juicing and blending, but they are great ways to get the essential nutrients from fruits and vegetables. Both juicing and blending have several benefits and drawbacks in preparation and consumption.  Twitter Facebook Pinterest Pear Mango Avocado Purée  Pear Mango Avocado Purée  < 1 min readCreate a creamy and fruity purée for your baby with this Pear Mango Avocado Purée Recipe.  Twitter Facebook Pinterest   • Affiliate Disclosure   • Accessibility Statement   • Disclaimer   • Privacy   • Terms of Use © 2026 Blender.com. All Rights Reserved. As an Amazon Associate, Blender.com earn from qualifying purchases.
__label__wiki 1a The Leech Cup | An NRA Shooting Sports Journal NRA Explore Join Renew Donate  Explore The NRA Universe Of Websites  Close 4024 CLOSE  Quick Links    • NRA.ORG   • Manage Your Membership   • NRA Near You   • Friends of NRA   • State and Federal Gun Laws   • NRA Online Training   • Politics, Policy and Legislation   • Clubs and Associations     • Affiliated Clubs, Ranges and Businesses   • Competitive Shooting     • NRA Day     • Competitive Shooting Programs     • America's Rifle Challenge     • Competitor Classification Lookup     • Shooting Sports USA     • Adaptive Shooting     • Great American Outdoor Show     • NRA Whittington Center   • Events and Entertainment     • Women's Wilderness Escape     • NRA Whittington Center     • Friends of NRA     • Great American Outdoor Show     • NRA Annual Meetings & Exhibits     • NRA Day     • NRA Country     • Competitive Shooting Programs     • NRA Gun Gurus   • Firearms Training     • NRA Gun Safety Rules     • Firearm Training     • Become An NRA Instructor     • Become A Training Counselor     • NRA Range Safety Officers     • Shooting Sports Coach Development     • Adaptive Shooting     • NRA Gunsmithing Schools     • NRA Online Training     • NRA Program Materials Center     • NRA Marksmanship Qualification Program     • Find A Course     • NRA CCW     • NRA Training Course Catalog   • Giving     • Friends of NRA     • Ring of Freedom     • Institute for Legislative Action     • NRA Whittington Center     • NRA Firearms For Freedom   • History     • History Of The NRA     • NRA Museums     • I Have This Old Gun       • 6000     • NRA Gun Gurus   • Hunting     • Hunter Education     • Youth Hunter Education Challenge     • NRA Whittington Center     • Great American Outdoor Show     • Hunters for the Hungry     • American Hunter     • Hunting Legislation Issues     • State Hunting Resources     • NRA Institute for Legislative Action     • American Rifleman     • Adaptive Hunting Database     • Outdoor Adventure Partner of the NRA   • Law Enforcement, Military, Security     • Law Enforcement, Military, Security   • Media and Publications     • NRA Blog     • American Rifleman     • American Hunter     • Shooting Illustrated     • NRA Family     • Shooting Sports USA     • NRA All Access     • NRA Gun Gurus   • Membership     • Join The NRA     • NRA Member Benefits     • Manage Your Membership     • NRA Store     • NRA Whittington Center     • NRA Endorsed Member Insurance     • NRA Membership Recruiting     • NRA State Associations     • NRA Membership For Women     • NRA Life Membership     • Renew or Upgrade Your Membership     • NRA Junior Membership     • NRA Business Alliance     • NRA Industry Ally Program   • Politics And Legislation     • NRA Institute for Legislative Action     • NRA-ILA Gun Laws     • Register To Vote     • Candidate Ratings     • Write Your Lawmakers     • NRA-ILA FrontLines     • NRA Political Victory Fund     • NRA State Associations   • Recreational Shooting     • America's Rifle Challenge     • NRA Whittington Center     • Women's Wilderness Escape     • NRA Day     • The NRA Range     • Home Air Gun Program     • Adaptive Shooting     • Range Services     • NRA Member Benefits     • Great American Outdoor Show     • NRA Springfield M1A Match     • Shooting Illustrated     • Firearm Training     • NRA Marksmanship Qualification Program     • NRA Training Course Catalog     • Women On Target® Instructional Shooting Clinics   • Safety and Education     • NRA Gun Safety Rules     • Eddie Eagle GunSafe® Program     • Eddie Eagle Treehouse     • Whittington University     • Firearm Training     • NRA Online Training     • Become An NRA Instructor     • Hunter Education     • NRA Gunsmithing Schools     • Refuse To Be A Victim®   • Scholarships, Awards and Contests     • Scholarships, Awards & Contests   • Shopping     • NRA Store     • NRA Country Gear     • NRA Program Materials Center     • NRA Member Benefits     • NRA Whittington Center Store   • Volunteering     • Volunteer For NRA     • Get Involved Locally     • Volunteer At The Great American Outdoor Show     • Institute for Legislative Action     • Volunteer at the NRA Whittington Center   • Women's Interests     • NRA Membership For Women     • Women's Wilderness Escape     • NRA Women's Network     • Women On Target® Instructional Shooting Clinics     • Sybil Ludington Women's Freedom Award     • Women's Wildlife Management / Conservation Scholarship     • Become An NRA Instructor   • Youth Interests     • Eddie Eagle Treehouse     • Scholarships, Awards & Contests     • NRA Day     • NRA Marksmanship Qualification Program     • Youth Education Summit     • Adventure Camp     • Youth Hunter Education Challenge     • National Junior Shooting Camps     • Youth Wildlife Art Contest     • Home Air Gun Program     • NRA Junior Membership     • NRA Family     • Eddie Eagle GunSafe® Program     • NRA Gun Safety Rules     • Collegiate Shooting Programs     • National Youth Shooting Sports Cooperative Program     • Request for Eagle Scout Certificate NRA Shooting Sports USA Logo  The Leech Cup  Share Post Donate Menu NRA Shooting Sports USA Logo   • News     View All News   • Coming Events     View All Coming Events   • National Matches     View All National Matches   • Reviews     View All Reviews   • Videos     View All Videos   • More     Menu    • Quick Links    • NRA Membership    • Sections    • News   • Coming Events   • National Matches   • Reviews   • Videos   • Reporters Worksheet   • Subscribe    • NRA Publications    • American Rifleman   • American Hunter   • Shooting Illustrated   • America's First Freedom   • NRA Women   • NRA Family   • Shooting Sports USA   • NRA Hunters' Leadership Forum   • Help  The Leech Cup  by   • Paul Nordquist posted on February 18, 2016 News Support NRA Shooting Sports USA DONATE ** When you buy products through the links on our site, we may earn a commission that supports NRA's mission to protect, preserve and defend the Second Amendment. ** leech_cup1-2.jpg  The Leech Cup was presented to the Amateur Rifle Club of New York by MAJ Arthur Blennerhassett Leech in 1874. The occasion was a match between the rifle shooters of the U.S. and those of Ireland. In late 1873 the Irish Rifle Association challenged any team of U.S. rifle shooters to meet the following year, in the U.S.—for a match at 800, 900 and 10 3000 00 yards. The Americans were to use American rifles, and the Irish would use Irish rifles by John Rigby. The challenge had been conveyed by a letter published in the New York Herald (the Irish were unaware of the two-year-old NRA) and the Amateur Rifle Club of New York (all NRA members) accepted the challenge.  The New York Club was going out on a limb since no one in the U.S. had much experience at long range. There were then no U.S. rifles suitable for the match but both Remington and Sharps quickly produced “Creedmoor” long range match rifles named for the Creedmoor, Long Island range where the match would be held.  Try-outs were held during the summer of 1874 and a six-man team was named, each member to fire fifteen shots at each range.  The big day—September 26, 1874, was hot and dry so special trains brought 8,000 spectators. There was an air of festive expectation.  During the lunch break (with the Americans ahead by nine points) MAJ Leech, captain of the Irish team, presented the Leech Cup. It was a pitcher of Irish silver, wrought in Ireland, heavily engraved and "surmounted by a little silver tower, representative of the famous old towers of Ireland.” COL George Wingate (one of the NRA’s founders) accepted the trophy and it has been in competition ever since—just as MAJ Leech intended. The U.S. went on to win the match by three points.  The Leech Cup is the oldest trophy in shooting competition today; in 1901 the Amateur Rifle Club presented it to the NRA and it has been contested annually ever since, currently in a 20-shot 1000-yard match, any rifle, with metallic sights.  The Leech Cup disappeared after the 1913 National Matches and was not recovered until 1927, hence the present policy of keeping all national trophies at NRA Headquarters.  In this article leech cup, creedmoor, rifle, long range  Related Stories    • 5 Things You Didn’t Know About The Leech Cup   • The Great 1874 International Match   • Results: 2017 Leech Cup, Porter & Andrus Trophy, Roumanian Team Matches   • Army’s SFC Brandon Green Sweeps 2022 NRA Long-Range Championship Trophies   • CORE Precision Rifles Move Closer To Perfection  Most Popular  Beretta Unveils Titan One-Off Rifle to Mark 500-Year Anniversary  Beretta Unveils Titan One-Off Rifle to Mark 500-Year Anniversary Beretta Unveils Titan One-Off Rifle to Mark 500-Year Anniversary 5 Best Rimfire Rifles Less Than $500  5 Best Rimfire Rifles Less Than $500 5 Best Rimfire Rifles Less Than $500 New: Ruger 250th Anniversary Series  New: Ruger 250th Anniversary Series New: Ruger 250th Anniversary Series Review: Tikka T3x Ace Target Rifle  Review: Tikka T3x Ace Target Rifle Review: Tikka T3x Ace Target Rifle Legends: Gary Stevens  Legends: Gary Stevens Legends: Gary Stevens Ruger 10/22 Carbon Fiber: Lightweight Speed, Heavyweight Accuracy  Ruger 10/22 Carbon Fiber: Lightweight Speed, Heavyweight Accuracy Ruger 10/22 Carbon Fiber: Lightweight Speed, Heavyweight Accuracy 2000  More like this from around the NRA  NRA Explore Beretta Unveils Titan One-Off Rifle to Mark 500-Year Anniversary | An NRA Shooting Sports Journal  Beretta Unveils Titan One-Off Rifle to Mark 500-Year Anniversary | An NRA Shooting Sports Journal  Review: Bergara B14 Stoke Rifle | An Official Journal Of The NRA  Review: Bergara B14 Stoke Rifle | An Official Journal Of The NRA  First Look: MDT STS Buttstock | An Official Journal Of The NRA  First Look: MDT STS Buttstock | An Official Journal Of The NRA  Beretta Unveils Titan One-Off Rifle to Mark 500-Year Anniversary | An NRA Shooting Sports Journal  Beretta Unveils Titan One-Off Rifle to Mark 500-Year Anniversary | An NRA Shooting Sports Journal  Latest  More Nroi Update May2026 3 Nroi Update May2026 3  Ask NROI: USPSA Range Commands, Back Straps and What’s Coming in 2026  Troy McManus answers questions about USPSA range commands, aftermarket back strap restrictions and previews upcoming NROI certification and seminar plans.  News  Beretta Unveils Titan One-Off Rifle to Mark 500-Year Anniversary  Beretta unveils the Titan, a 6.5 Grendel-chambered MSR in titanium, magnesium and carbon fiber, marking 500 years of Italian gunmaking.  News Beretta Titan 1 Beretta Titan 1  Legends: Gary Stevens  Gary Stevens, a dedicated USPSA volunteer known for his work as a range officer and instructor, sadly passed away on Tuesday, Aug. 5, 2025.  News Legends Garystevens 1 Legends Garystevens 1  USA College Clay Target League Wraps 2026 Spring Season With New Crop of Overall Champions  USA College Clay Target League completes its 2026 spring season, naming top overall shooters in trap, skeet and sporting clays across 66 schools nationwide.  News Usacollege Spring2026season 1 Usacollege Spring2026season 1  Seeing the Light: The USPSA Range Officer Test That Isn’t on Paper  Earning an RO certification is the easy part. Jessica Jonasson on how rookie officials grow into the steady hands every match needs.  News USPSA Seeingthelight 1 USPSA Seeingthelight 1  Legends: Lynn Gipson 1958–2026  Lynn Gipson, who led the Amateur Trapshooting Association for 14 years and was newly elected to the NRA Board of Directors, died April 18.  News Legends Lynngipson NRA ATA 3 Legends Lynngipson NRA ATA 3 More Latest Stories  Interests  More Interests News Alligator Hunting Opportunities Are Expanding | An Official Journal Of The NRA  Alligator Hunting Opportunities Are Expanding | An Official Journal Of The NRA  Gator Hunt, Gator Hunting, Alligator   • The Armed Citizen® February 18, 2026 | An Official Journal Of The NRA   • Suppressors Deregulated in South Dakota | An Official Journal Of The NRA   • SAAMI Accepts and Standardizes Two New Cartridges | An Official Journal Of The NRA 2000 News National Matches A Sixth Title for Tubb and an End of an Era for Wigger: 1993 National Matches | An NRA Shooting Sports Journal  A Sixth Title for Tubb and an End of an Era for Wigger: 1993 National Matches | An NRA Shooting Sports Journal  nra, national matches, history   • A Sixth Title for Tubb and an End of an Era for Wigger: 1993 National Matches | An NRA Shooting Sports Journal   • Registration Open for 2026 NRA National High Power Long-Range Championship | An NRA Shooting Sports Journal   • A Tornado, a Target Mix-Up and Triumphant Returns: 1992 National Matches | An NRA Shooting Sports Journal National Matches Reviews Hardware Review: Taurus Raging Hunter 350 Legend | An Official Journal Of The NRA  Hardware Review: Taurus Raging Hunter 350 Legend | An Official Journal Of The NRA  Taurus Raging Hunter 350 Legend, Raging Hunter 350 Legend, Hardware Review   • Ruger RXM Full Size: A Modular Workhorse for the Modern Shooter | An NRA Shooting Sports Journal   • Review: SoundGear Phantom Hearing Protection | An NRA Shooting Sports Journal   • Review: Henning Group 2011 Grip | An NRA Shooting Sports Journal Reviews Videos Gun Of The Week: Tisas PX-57 FO Raptor | An Official Journal Of The NRA  Gun Of The Week: Tisas PX-57 FO Raptor | An Official Journal Of The NRA  eee News, Videos, GOTW   • Freedom is On the Ballot in Virginia | An Official Journal Of The NRA   • This Mayor Has a Lot to Say | An Official Journal Of The NRA   • Why This UFC Fighter Believes in the Second Amendment | An Official Journal Of The NRA Videos More Interests ﻿  Get the best of Shooting Sports USA delivered to your inbox.  SUBSCRIBE (IT'S FREE!) NRA Shooting Sports USA  GET IN TOUCH    • Contact Us   • Advertising  CONNECT WITH US  < 113 i class="fab fa-facebook-f" title="Facebook"> 2681  SECTIONS    • News   • Coming Events   • National Matches   • Reviews   • Videos  IN THE SPOTLIGHT    • NRA Institute For Legislative Action   • NRA Explore  NRA MEMBERSHIP    • NRA Membership   • Exclusive Member Benefits   • Membership FAQ   • Manage Your Membership NRA Member NRA  EXPLORE MORE NRA PUBLICATIONS  Logo Nra Publications Logo Nra American Hunter Logo Nra Shooting Illustrated Logo Nra Americas 1St Freedom Logo Nra Women Logo Nra Family Logo Nra Hunters Leadership Forum Logo Nra Blog Online And Print Nra Publications  Take Your NRA Magazine With You!  NRA Logo On Blue  Join The NRA And Our Growing Community  AR Footer NRA Explore 01  Discover Everything That The NRA Has To Offer  AR Footer Friends 02  Attend A Friends Of NRA Event Near You  Privacy Policy Contact Us Corporate Ethics Warnings FAQ © Copyright 2026 National Rifle Association 0
MBERSHIP    • NRA Membership   • Exclusive Member Benefits   • Membership FAQ   • Manage Your Membership NRA Member NRA  EXPLORE MORE NRA PUBLICATIONS  Logo Nra Publications Logo Nra American Hunter Logo Nra Shooting Illustrated Logo Nra Americas 1St Freedom Logo Nra Women Logo Nra Family Logo Nra Hunters Leadership Forum Logo Nra Blog Online And Print Nra Publications  Take Your NRA Magazine With You!  NRA Logo On Blue  Join The NRA And Our Growing Community  AR Footer NRA Explore 01  Discover Everything That The NRA Has To Offer  AR Footer Friends 02  Attend A Friends Of NRA Event Near You  Privacy Policy Contact Us Corporate Ethics Warnings FAQ © Copyright 2026 National Rifle Association 0
__label__wiki 20000 China: Killing of journalist Khashoggi ‘unfortunate’ 17/05/2026, Sunday09:27 flag Yeni Şafak  EDITION   :  TRTR ENEN ARAR FRFR RURU URUR TodaySports Economy TürkiyeWorldColumnsTechnology LifeVideoGalleryCartoon Türkiye has completed bureaucratic preparations to launch direct trade with Armenia as part of the ongoing normalization process between the two countries, the Foreign Ministry said. The preparations were finalized under confidence-building measures implemented since 2022.The son of Hamas chief Khalil al-Hayya died Thursday of wounds sustained in an Israeli strike in Gaza, as Israel confirmed an attack on a top Hezbollah commander in Beirut. Azzam al-Hayya was the fourth son of the Hamas leader to be killed by Israel.Iran has reaffirmed its commitment to diplomacy while maintaining readiness to respond to any potential escalation, as regional tensions linked to the US-Israeli conflict continue to shape international engagement.Commercial shipping through the Strait of Hormuz remained limited on Tuesday, with only four vessels moving in both directions through the key energy passage, according to ship-tracking data. The limited traffic underscores continued caution around one of the world's most important transit routes for crude oil and LNG.Turkish defense giant Baykar will showcase its new Mizrak intelligent and autonomous long-range loitering munition at SAHA 2026 in Istanbul. The system boasts an operational range of over 1,000 kilometers, over seven hours of endurance, and AI-powered autonomous navigation without GPS. Türkiye has completed bureaucratic preparations to launch direct trade with Armenia as part of the ongoing normalization process between the two countries, the Foreign Ministry said. The preparations were finalized under confidence-building measures implemented since 2022.The son of Hamas chief Khalil al-Hayya died Thursday of wounds sustained in an Israeli strike in Gaza, as Israel confirmed an attack on a top Hezbollah commander in Beirut. Azzam al-Hayya was the fourth son of the Hamas leader to be killed by Israel.Iran has reaffirmed its commitment to diplomacy while maintaining readiness to respond to any potential escalation, as regional tensions linked to the US-Israeli conflict continue to shape international engagement.Commercial shipping through the Strait of Hormuz remained limited on Tuesday, with only four vessels moving in both directions through the key energy passage, according to ship-tracking data. The limited traffic underscores continued caution around one of the world's most important transit routes for crude oil and LNG.Turkish defense giant Baykar will showcase its new Mizrak intelligent and autonomous long-range loitering munition at SAHA 2026 in Istanbul. The system boasts an operational range of over 1,000 kilometers, over seven hours of endurance, and AI-powered autonomous navigation without GPS.  Advertisement  HomePage World Asia China: Killing of journalist Khashoggi ‘unfortunate’  China: Killing of journalist Khashoggi ‘unfortunate’  Ersin Çelik 17:31, 25/10/2018, Thursday AA China: Killing of journalist Khashoggi ‘unfortunate’ Hua Chunying, spokeswoman of China's Foreign Ministry  Foreign Ministry spokesperson says China has been following developments over Oct. 2 killing at Istanbul's Saudi Consulate  Breaking its silence on the roiling international controversy, China on Thursday called the Oct. 2 killing of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi “unfortunate.”  China has been following the statements made by all sides, including Saudi Arabia and Turkey, as well as the investigation process, Foreign ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying told a press conference in Beijing.  On the killing, she said, “This is an unfortunate incident,” adding that it should be investigated properly.  Until now China has remained silent about the killing of the Saudi journalist and has not taken questions.  Khashoggi, a columnist for The Washington Post, was last seen on Oct. 2 when he entered the Saudi Consulate in Istanbul.  After days of denying any knowledge of his whereabouts, Saudi officials last week admitted that Khashoggi was killed in a "brawl" at the consulate.  Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan on Tuesday laid out his country’s initial findings in its investigation, saying Khashoggi's “murder was premeditated."  Titles :ChinaKhashoggiSaudi journalist Comments Avatar  Comments you share on our site are a valuable resource for other users. Please be respectful of different opinions and other users. Avoid using rude, aggressive, derogatory, or discriminatory language.  Page End Yeni Şafak TRENARFRRUUR Turkey's Accumulation. International Media Group.  Welcome to the news source that sets Turkey's agenda! With its impartial, dynamic, and in-depth journalism, Yeni Şafak offers its readers an experience beyond current events. Get instant updates on what's happening in Turkey and worldwide, with news spanning a wide range from politics and economy to culture, arts, and sports. Access the most accurate information anytime, anywhere with its digital platforms; keep up with the agenda with Yeni Şafak!  Follow us on social media. Download Mobile Apps  Carry the agenda in your pocket! With Yeni Şafak's mobile apps, get instant access to the latest news. A wide range of content, from politics to economy, sports to culture and arts, is at your fingertips! Easily download it on your iOS, Android, and Huawei devices to quickly access the most accurate information anytime, anywhere. Download now, don't miss out on developments around the world!  Download on the App StoreGet it on Google PlayDiscover with AppGallery Micro Sites 15 July  Relive the night of July 15th in every detail and witness the triumph of democracy with Yenisafak.com's July 15th microsite. Explore everything about the heroic story of July 15th through video content, exclusive interviews, and photo galleries.  Turkish Elections  On Yenisafak.com's election microsite, you'll find instant election data and detailed analyses of all elections in Turkey's political history, all in one place. Gain a comprehensive insight into Turkey's democratic process by examining election results and political developments from past to present. Be at the heart of the elections with live results and expert commentary!  Jerusalem: A City's Story  For Muslims, Jerusalem is not just a city, but a sacred heritage at the heart of Islam. Start exploring now to discover Jerusalem's unique place in the Islamic world and witness the contemporary significance of this ancient city!  Categories Today Türkiye Video Gallery Columns Archive Columns WorldAfricaAmericaAsiaEuropeMiddle East EconomyAutomotiveBusinessReal EstateTurkey EconomyWorld Economy TechnologyGamesInternetMobileProduct NewsScienceSocial Media LifeArchaeologyBookCinemaCulture and ArtsCurrentHealthInterviewTravelTv SportsFootballBasketballVolleyballTennisF1CricketOlympics Albayrak Media CorporateContactRss  Maltepe Mah. Fetih Cad. No:6 34010 Zeytinburnu/İstanbul, Türkiyeiletisim@yenisafak.com+90 212 467 6515  Albayrak Media Sites GztZ RaporuKetebeDerin Tarih SkyroadArkitektPost Öykü LEGAL DISCLAIMER  The BIST name and logo are protected under a 'Protection Trademark Certificate' and cannot be used, quoted, or modified without permission. All information disclosed under the BIST name is fully copyrighted by BIST and may not be republished. Market data is provided by iDealdata Financial Technologies Inc. BIST stock data is delayed by 15 minutes.  © Net Medya, All right reserved. 2026  HomePageVideo 0
__label__wiki 14b59 INDIA Priests' kidnap as sectarian tensions reignites in Manipur AsiaNews Donate now   • Support AsiaNews     About us     P.I.M.E.     Contact us     RSS     Newsletter Geographical areas In the spotlight Central Asia Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Tajikistan Turkmenistan Uzbekistan North Asia Mongolia Russia East Asia China North Korea South Korea Japan Hong Kong Macau Taiwan South West Asia Armenia Azerbaijan Georgia South East Asia Brunei Cambodia Philippines Indonesia Laos Malaysia Myanmar Singapore East Timor Thailand Vietnam South Asia Afghanistan Bangladesh Bhutan India Nepal Pakistan Sri Lanka Middle East Saudi Arabia Bahrain United Arab Emirates Jordan Iran Iraq Israel Kuwait Lebanon Oman Palestine Qatar Syria Turkey Yemen Oceania Vatican Freedom of religion Church in ChinaWounded MyanmarGazaPope Francis' DeathIran-Israel     Priests' kidnap as sectarian tensions reignites in Manipur by Nirmala Carvalho | INDIA  On 13 May, two Salesian priests, Fr Albert Panmei Aching and Fr Peter Poji Küvisie, were abducted and later released after 24 hours in captivity. The provincial expressed his relief and thanked all those who helped secure the release of his confreres.     Lebanon and Israel agree 45 day extension to ceasfire, but civillians still being killed   | ASIA TODAY    Religious scandals and the “protection” that Beijing’s rules cannot provide   by Andrew Law | CHINA    Colombo: the global capital of shark and ray research   by Arundathie Abeysinghe | SRI LANKA    Young Russians’ return to communism, amid war and economic crisis   by Stefano Caprio | RUSSIAN WORLD In the spotlight:   • Church in China   • Wounded Myanmar   • Gaza   • Pope Francis' Death   • Iran-Israel   Court rules Bhojshala is a Hindu temple in the latest case over disputed religious sites  The Madhya Pradesh High Court backs Hindu nationalists, ending the practice that since 2003 had allowed Muslims and Hindus to pray in the same historical complex on different days. The ruling specifically cites the Ayodhya case, which has had a domino effect in archaeological studies and claims in various parts of India.     | 15/05/2026 | INDIAN MANDALA   Trump and Xi in Beijing: suggestive words and images, but few deals  The US president's long-awaited visit to the Chinese capital was marked by optimistic tones, but no joint statement on what the two leaders discussed. There is talk of deals on soybeans and new Boeing aircraft, but competition over artificial intelligence remains. Chinese analysts stress Xi Jinping’s notion of “constructive strategic stability”.  | 15/05/2026 | CHINA – UNITED STATES   Pope tells Tawadros that in a world 'afflicted' by wars, Christians should be ‘witnesses’ of unity  The pontiff had a phone conversation with the Coptic Orthodox Patriarch this morning “in a cordial and fraternal atmosphere," the Vatican Press Office reported, to give "impetus" to the celebrations for the Day of Friendship. Leo also expressed hope that work “with all Churches of the Oriental Orthodox family” can resume.  | 15/05/2026 | VATICAN – EGYPT   Philippine Bishops: Sara Duterte's trial must proceed without further delay by Santosh Digal  The Catholic Bishops' Conference has called for a fair trial against the vice president, in compliance with the constitution, a necessary step “to restore our people’s faith and confidence in our public institutions”.  Meanwhile, dela Rosa, former President Duterte's ally and right-hand man in the war on drugs, fled the Senate after a standoff to avoid arrest.  | 15/05/2026 | PHILIPPINES   Pakistan: deforestation and record temperatures as the climate emergency escalates by Shafique Khokhar  Concerns are growing over the effects of deforestation on the climate and public health. Activists are speaking out against the loss of green spaces and urban sprawl, which are exacerbating heatwaves, pollution and drought. New regulations to protect trees have been introduced in Sindh and Punjab. Environmentalists: tree planting cannot replace the ecological value of mature forests.  | 15/05/2026 | PAKISTAN   The distorted use of the Bible in Israel that is setting Lebanon and its cedars ablaze by Fady Noun  Whilst the third round of talks between the Israeli and Lebanese ambassadors is underway in Washington, people continue to die in the south. Reflections from the AsiaNews correspondent: “Faced with threats and provocations that seek to normalise war, today we need responses rooted in our deepest culture and ethical principles”.  | 15/05/2026 | LEBANON - ISRAEL Editor's choices   Delhi and Islamabad one year on from the war: two victories, but the risk of escalation remains One year on from the lightning war of May 2025, India and Pakistan continue to celebrate the conflict as a national victory. But behind the patriotic rhetoric, new military vulnerabilities are emerging, along with a growing arms race and unresolved tensions ... | 11/05/2026 | INDIA - PAKISTAN   Beijing indoctrinating kindergarten children to erase Tibetan identity A new report by Human Rights Watch denounces the systems used by the People's Republic to promote Han Chinese identity starting in kindergarten. Tibetan is no longer used in teaching, while parents are forced to send videos to schools to prove Chinese ... | 05/05/2026 | TIBET - CHINA   Aung San Suu Kyi remains in total isolation under house arrest The pro-democracy leader has no direct access to her family or lawyers, even after she was moved to a specially built residence. Myanmar’s opposition and human rights groups are calling it yet another sham operation by General Min Aung Hlaing to ... | 05/05/2026 | MYANMAR   Pizzaballa: ‘God’s dream’ for Jerusalem, a city ‘torn by conflicts' by Giorgio Bernardelli The Latin patriarch released a long pastoral letter on how to live as Christians in light of the "paradigm shift" that followed 7 October 2023, and the war in Gaza. Like the "New Jerusalem" in Revelation, the city could offer a way of being together ... | 27/04/2026 | HOLY LAND   Debtor nations launch joint platform to collaborate The initiative was launched in Washington with the support of UNCTAD, whilst the global problem continues to grow, with as many as 54 countries spending more on debt interest payments than on healthcare and education for their citizens. Caritas Internationalis: ... | 17/04/2026 | ASIA - WORLD   • Centro Missionario PIME   • PIME Missionaries USA   • PIME Brasil   • Mondo e Missione   • Agenzia Fides   • Tv2000 “L’Asia: ecco il nostro comune compito per il terzo millennio!” - Giovanni Paolo II, da “Alzatevi, andiamo” Support AsiaNews About us P.I.M.E. Contact us RSS Newsletter Central Asia Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Tajikistan Turkmenistan Uzbekistan North Asia Mongolia Russia East Asia China North Korea South Korea Japan Hong Kong Macau Taiwan South West Asia Armenia Azerbaijan Georgia South East Asia Brunei Cambodia Philippines Indonesia Laos Malaysia Myanmar Singapore East Timor Thailand Vietnam South Asia Afghanistan Bangladesh Bhutan India Nepal Pakistan Sri Lanka Middle East Saudi Arabia Bahrain United Arab Emirates Jordan Iran Iraq Israel Kuwait Lebanon Oman Palestine Qatar Syria Turkey Yemen Oceania Vatican Freedom of religion Follow us Donate now © Fondazione PIME Onlus – AsiaNews C.F. 97486040153 e P.IVA 06630940960 Codice destinatario (SDI): SUBM70N fondazionepime@pec.idsunitelm.it OFFICE: PIME Milan via Monte Rosa 81 - 20149 Milan tel. 02438201 - fax 0243822901 Personal use of the contents of this website is permitted for non-commercial purposes only. The reproduction, publication, sale and distribution of the contents of the website can only take place prior to an agreement with the publisher.  Privacy policy - Cookie policy - Glacom®   • Home   • Support AsiaNews   • About us   • P.I.M.E.   • Contact us   • RSS   • Newsletter 0
and drought. New regulations to protect trees have been introduced in Sindh and Punjab. Environmentalists: tree planting cannot replace the ecological value of mature forests.  | 15/05/2026 | PAKISTAN   The distorted use of the Bible in Israel that is setting Lebanon and its cedars ablaze by Fady Noun  Whilst the third round of talks between the Israeli and Lebanese ambassadors is underway in Washington, people continue to die in the south. Reflections from the AsiaNews correspondent: “Faced with threats and provocations that seek to normalise war, today we need responses rooted in our deepest culture and ethical principles”.  | 15/05/2026 | LEBANON - ISRAEL Editor's choices   Delhi and Islamabad one year on from the war: two victories, but the risk of escalation remains One year on from the lightning war of May 2025, India and Pakistan continue to celebrate the conflict as a national victory. But behind the patriotic rhetoric, new military vulnerabilities are emerging, along with a growing arms race and unresolved tensions ... | 11/05/2026 | INDIA - PAKISTAN   Beijing indoctrinating kindergarten children to erase Tibetan identity A new report by Human Rights Watch denounces the systems used by the People's Republic to promote Han Chinese identity starting in kindergarten. Tibetan is no longer used in teaching, while parents are forced to send videos to schools to prove Chinese ... | 05/05/2026 | TIBET - CHINA   Aung San Suu Kyi remains in total isolation under house arrest The pro-democracy leader has no direct access to her family or lawyers, even after she was moved to a specially built residence. Myanmar’s opposition and human rights groups are calling it yet another sham operation by General Min Aung Hlaing to ... | 05/05/2026 | MYANMAR   Pizzaballa: ‘God’s dream’ for Jerusalem, a city ‘torn by conflicts' by Giorgio Bernardelli The Latin patriarch released a long pastoral letter on how to live as Christians in light of the "paradigm shift" that followed 7 October 2023, and the war in Gaza. Like the "New Jerusalem" in Revelation, the city could offer a way of being together ... | 27/04/2026 | HOLY LAND   Debtor nations launch joint platform to collaborate The initiative was launched in Washington with the support of UNCTAD, whilst the global problem continues to grow, with as many as 54 countries spending more on debt interest payments than on healthcare and education for their citizens. Caritas Internationalis: ... | 17/04/2026 | ASIA - WORLD   • Centro Missionario PIME   • PIME Missionaries USA   • PIME Brasil   • Mondo e Missione   • Agenzia Fides   • Tv2000 “L’Asia: ecco il nostro comune compito per il terzo millennio!” - Giovanni Paolo II, da “Alzatevi, andiamo” Support AsiaNews About us P.I.M.E. Contact us RSS Newsletter Central Asia Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Tajikistan Turkmenistan Uzbekistan North Asia Mongolia Russia East Asia China North Korea South Korea Japan Hong Kong Macau Taiwan South West Asia Armenia Azerbaijan Georgia South East Asia Brunei Cambodia Philippines Indonesia Laos Malaysia Myanmar Singapore East Timor Thailand Vietnam South Asia Afghanistan Bangladesh Bhutan India Nepal Pakistan Sri Lanka Middle East Saudi Arabia Bahrain United Arab Emirates Jordan Iran Iraq Israel Kuwait Lebanon Oman Palestine Qatar Syria Turkey Yemen Oceania Vatican Freedom of religion Follow us Donate now © Fondazione PIME Onlus – AsiaNews C.F. 97486040153 e P.IVA 06630940960 Codice destinatario (SDI): SUBM70N fondazionepime@pec.idsunitelm.it OFFICE: PIME Milan via Monte Rosa 81 - 20149 Milan tel. 02438201 - fax 0243822901 Personal use of the contents of this website is permitted for non-commercial purposes only. The reproduction, publication, sale and distribution of the contents of the website can only take place prior to an agreement with the publisher.  Privacy policy - Cookie policy - Glacom®   • Home   • Support AsiaNews   • About us   • P.I.M.E.   • Contact us   • RSS   • Newsletter 0
__label__wiki 1dee Night of 'sightseeing' leaves Tech Tower T-less   | TOP OF ISSUE | TOP OF SECTION | PREVIOUS STORY | NEXT STORY |   Night of 'sightseeing' leaves Tech Tower T-less  By Scott Lange News Staff photo by Carrie Chin   In an attempt to preserve Tech tradition, a group of students endeavored to climb to the top of Tech Tower and steal the infamous "T" on the night of November 6. However, the "T" was recovered after the Georgia Tech police, in response to an anonymous call, detained a total of ten Georgia Tech students.  The caller told Georgia Tech Police dispatchers that he had heard people talking about stealing the "T" on his scanner. The responding officers found four students with rappelling gear, hunting knives, and portable radios coming off the roof of the Administration Building. The students, who were identified as George McDonald, Scott Serbin, William Moore, and Justin Preyer, told police officers that they were "sightseeing" upon questioning.  Three more students, who were identified as Brad Dentinger, Rob Eckard, and John Molnar were stopped while they were leaving the area at Cherry Street and North Avenue.  Additionally, three students were stopped whle leaving the area around the ME-Coon Building. They were identified as John Dicasali, Tim Store, and Jessica Judd. Judd told officers that she knew about the theft.  A second call from the anonymous tipster directed police to the Copper Kettle on Howell Mill Road. Police arriving at the Copper Kettle found the "T" in a Ford Explorer in the parking lot. The car was impounded, thus leading to the recovery of the "T."  The "T," which is as synonymous with Tech as the Ramblin' Wreck, did not come away from the incident unscathed.  "There was substantial damage done to the framing of the letters on all four sides, the roof of the Administration Building, the letters themselves," Georgia Tech Police Chief Jack Vickery said. "We haven't got the final estimate from Facilities but it is in the thousands of dollars."  All of the students who were involved in the theft were referred to the Dean of Students for administrative punishment rather than being criminally charged. According to Chief Vickery, this type of procedure is standard.  "In the history of Georgia Tech, no one has ever been arrested for stealing the 'T,'" Chief Vickery explained.  Acting Senior Associate Dean of Students Scott Friedman is handling the discipline stemming from this incident. The Administration is dealing with the theft in a serious manner.  "Stealing the 'T' is a violation of the Student Conduct Code," Friedman stated. "We take all violations of the Student Conduct Code very seriously."  "The big issue as far as the police are involved is safety," Chief Vickery explained. "The folks involved think they took precautions, but that is shortsighted. There is danger to the people that have to get up there and try to fix it."  Georgia Tech administrators are also concerned about the risks involved with stealing the "T."  "It is not a minor thing," Dean Friedman said. "Students could be severely injured or even killed."  Questions or comments about this page? Feedback Copyright © 1997 by Gregory S. Scherrer, Editor and by the Student Publications Board 0
__label__wiki aacf David Sirota Joins the Jacobin Team Jacobin LogoJacobin IconA/V Icon  Jacobin    • Subscribe   • Magazine   • Donate   • Catalyst   • Facebook Icon   • Twitter Icon   • Email Icon   • Print Icon  David Sirota Joins the Jacobin Team    • Search Icon   • Login Icon      Login  J   • Subscribe   • Back Issues   • Donate   • Store   • Magazine   • Blog   • Catalyst   • About   • Contact Us   • Advertise Search Icon  Our special spring issue is out now. Get a discounted subscription to our print magazine today. Your support keeps us publishing!  05.12.2020   • Facebook Icon   • Twitter Icon   • Email Icon   • Print Icon  David Sirota Joins the Jacobin Team  By Editors  Bernie 2020 senior adviser and speechwriter David Sirota will join Jacobin as an editor at large.  David Sirota (left) and Sen. Bernie Sanders on October 24, 2018, at a fundraiser for the Progressive Values Small Donor Committee in Denver, Colorado.  Read our spring issue in print. Get a discounted subscription to our print magazine today.  Israel’s Young Settler Vanguard  E. A. Halevi  The Making of the Teenager  Lauren Fadiman  Zohran Needs to Create Popular Assemblies  Gabriel HetlandBhaskar Sunkara  A Half-Century of Harry Braverman’s Labor and Monopoly Capital  Sophina ClarkDaniel Judt  Today, we’re happy to announce that journalist David Sirota is joining the Jacobin team. As part of the new partnership, we’ll be supporting Sirota’s new newsletter, Too Much Information.  Sirota’s newsletter will focus on corporate malfeasance, money in politics, and the growing crisis of inequality in the United States. Sirota will be assisted by writer and researcher Andrew Perez, a former collaborator at IBT and Newsweek.  Before joining the Bernie 2020 campaign, Sirota was an award-winning journalist and best-selling author. His reporting on corruption, pensions, and taxes garnered him two awards from the Society of American Business Editors and Writers. He was also the winner of the Park Center’s Izzy Award and was a finalist for a Loeb Award.  Sirota and Perez join a team of more than two dozen editors and staff writers. Jacobin now reaches 56,000 subscribers and reaches over 2 million online readers every month.  The new issue of Jacobin, “Pandemic Politics,” will be released on Tuesday, May 19.  Share this article  FacebookTwitterEmail  Contributors  Filed Under  Jacobin Logo  Sign up for our mailing list  {{ message }}  Thanks for signing up! →  Already on our list? Get our print magazine for just $20 a year.  Remove IconESC  Select a text size  Small  Today, we’re happy to announce that journalist David Sirota is joining the Jacobin team. As part of the new partnership, we’ll be supporting Sirota’s new newsletter, Too Much Information. Sirota’s newsletter will focus on corporate malfeasance, money in politics, and the growing crisis of inequality in the United States. Sirota will be assisted by writer and researcher Andrew Perez, a former collaborator at IBT and Newsweek. Before joining the Bernie...  Medium  Today, we’re happy to announce that journalist David Sirota is joining the Jacobin team. As part of the new partnership, we’ll be supporting Sirota’s new newsletter, Too Much Information. Sirota’s newsletter will focus on corporate malfeasance, money in politics, and the growing crisis of inequality in the United States. Sirota...  Large  Today, we’re happy to announce that journalist David Sirota is joining the Jacobin team. As part of the new partnership, we’ll be supporting Sirota’s new newsletter, Too Much Information. Sirota’s newsletter will focus on corporate malfeasance, money in politics, and...  Further Reading  Russia’s Antiwar Prisoners Are Outcasts in Their Own Land    • Simon Pirani  Why Capitalism’s Origins Matter    • Arron Reza Merat  Anyone Noting Israel’s Crimes Will Be Accused of “Blood Libel”    • Branko Marcetic  We Need to Move Beyond Robot Doomerism    • David Moscrop  Scotland Has No Escape Route From Britain’s Political Crisis    • Jamie Maxwell   • Subscribe   • Donate  Read our spring issue in print. Get a discounted subscription to our print magazine today.  Catalyst Logo  A journal of theory and strategy published by Jacobin  Jacobin Logo  Sign up for our mailing list  {{ message }}  Thanks for signing up!   • Catalyst   • About Us   • Contact Us   • Advertise   • Privacy Policy   • © 2026 0
__label__wiki 1557 Attention Required! | Cloudflare Please enable cookies.  Sorry, you have been blocked  You are unable to access askart.com  Why have I been blocked?  This website is using a security service to protect itself from online attacks. The action you just performed triggered the security solution. There are several actions that could trigger this block including submitting a certain word or phrase, a SQL command or malformed data.  What can I do to resolve this?  You can email the site owner to let them know you were blocked. Please include what you were doing when this page came up and the Cloudflare Ray ID found at the bottom of this page.  Cloudflare Ray ID: 9fd08e181a78ddb3 • Your IP: 20.45.39.144 • Performance & security by Cloudflare  0
 email the site owner to let them know you were blocked. Please include what you were doing when this page came up and the Cloudflare Ray ID found at the bottom of this page.  Cloudflare Ray ID: 9fd08e181a78ddb3 • Your IP: 20.45.39.144 • Performance & security by Cloudflare  0
__label__wiki 0000C000 Miss Universe 2023 to take place in El Salvador | The National N LogoThe National News Logo   • My Profile   • Saved articles   • Newsletters   • Sign out UserSign in   • Register   • Sign in News Business Opinion Future Climate Health Culture Lifestyle Sport Newsletters Special reports TN Magazine   • International Edition   • UAE Edition       Podcasts Newsletters Follow us App Video       NewslettersSpecial reportsTN MagazineWeekend       News       UAE       Gulf       MENA       US       UK       Europe       Asia       Business       Aviation       Economy       Energy       Money       Property       Banking       Markets       Opinion       Comment       Editorial       Obituaries       Cartoon       Feedback       Future       Science       Space       Technology       Climate       Environment       Road to Net Zero       Health       Culture       Art & Design       Books       Film & TV       Music & On-stage       Pop Culture       Lifestyle       Travel       Fashion & Beauty       Food       Motoring       Luxury       Home & Garden       Wellbeing       Things to do       Sport       Football       Cricket       F1       Tennis       Combat Sports       Cycling       News       UAE       Gulf       MENA       US       UK       Europe       Asia       Business       Aviation       Economy       Energy       Money       Property       Banking       Markets       Opinion       Comment       Editorial       Obituaries       Cartoon       Feedback       Future       Science       Space       Technology       Climate       Environment       Road to Net Zero       Health       Culture       Art & Design       Books       Film & TV       Music & On- 00004000 stage       Pop Culture       Lifestyle       Travel       Fashion & Beauty       Food       Motoring       Luxury       Home & Garden       Wellbeing       Things to do       Sport       Football       Cricket       F1       Tennis       Combat Sports       Cycling       N Logo       News       Business       Opinion       Future       Climate       Health       Culture       Lifestyle       Sport       Newsletters       • My Profile       • Saved articles       • Newsletters       • Sign out       UserSign in       • Register       • Sign in       Alejandra Guajardo, Miss Universe El Salvador 2022, in an outfit inspired by the country's use of Bitcoin, and previously the cocoa beans as a currency, during the 71st Miss Universe competition on January 11, 2023. Reuters       Alejandra Guajardo, Miss Universe El Salvador 2022, in an outfit inspired by the country's use of Bitcoin, and previously the cocoa beans as a currency, during the 71st Miss Universe competition on January 11, 2023. Reuters       Alejandra Guajardo, Miss Universe El Salvador 2022, in an outfit inspired by the country's use of Bitcoin, and previously the cocoa beans as a currency, during the 71st Miss Universe competition on January 11, 2023. Reuters       Alejandra Guajardo, Miss Universe El Salvador 2022, in an outfit inspired by the country's use of Bitcoin, and previously the cocoa beans as a currency, during the 71st Miss Universe competition on Ja        Lifestyle        Fashion        Miss Universe 2023 to take place in El Salvador        The Central American country last hosted the beauty pageant in 1975        Katy Gillett       Katy Gillett        January 15, 2023        Add as a preferred source on Google       • Play/Pause English       • Play/Pause Arabic       Bookmark       • LinkCopy link       • XShare on X       • FacebookShare on Facebook       • LinkedInShare on LinkedIn       • WhatsAppShare on WhatsApp       • BlueskyShare on Blue Sky       • ThreadsShare on Threads       • MailShare on Email       • Share nativeOther       Print Options       Choose how you want to print        After a glitzy 2022 finale in Louisiana, it's been announced that Miss Universe 2023 is heading back to the Americas and will be held in El Salvador.        No date for the next competition has been officially announced, although it's expected to be held later this year, after last year's pageant was postponed in a bid to avoid clashing with the Fifa Qatar World Cup in November.        The announcement was made by the country's President Nayib Bukele during the 71st Miss Universe in New Orleans, where Miss USA R'Bonney Gabriel took the crown, becoming the first Filipina-American to win the competition.        • Miss USA R'Bonney Gabriel celebrates after winning the 71st Miss Universe competition at the New Orleans Ernest N Morial Convention Centre in Louisiana. AFP         Miss USA R'Bonney Gabriel celebrates after winning the 71st Miss Universe competition at the New Orleans Ernest N Morial Convention Centre in Louisiana. AFP       • Gabriel on stage after being crowned Miss Universe at the 71st Miss Universe pageant, in New Orleans. AP         Gabriel on stage after being crowned Miss Universe at the 71st Miss Universe pageant, in New Orleans. AP       • Gabriel, back to camera, is hugged by other contestants after being crowned Miss Universe. AP         Gabriel, back to camera, is hugged by other contestants after being crowned Miss Universe. AP       • Gabriel celebrates after her win. Reuters         Gabriel celebrates after her win. Reuters       • From left, Miss Venezuela Amanda Dudamel, Miss USA Gabriel and Miss Dominican Republic Andreina Martinez hold hands before the final verdict during the 71st Miss Universe competition in Louisiana. AFP         From left, Miss Venezuela Amanda Dudamel, Miss USA Gabriel and Miss Dominican Republic Andreina Martinez hold hands before the final verdict during the 71st Miss Universe competition in Louisiana. AFP       • Gabriel reacts after being picked among the final three contestants in the final round. AP         Gabriel reacts after being picked among the final three contestants in the final round. AP       • T 00004000 he final five contestants, from left, Miss Dominican Republic Martinez, Miss Curacao Gabriela Dos Santos, Miss Puerto Rico Ashley Carino, Miss USA Gabriel and Miss Venezuela Dudamel. AP         The final five contestants, from left, Miss Dominican Republic Martinez, Miss Curacao Gabriela Dos Santos, Miss Puerto Rico Ashley Carino, Miss USA Gabriel and Miss Venezuela Dudamel. AP       • Thai businesswoman and owner of Miss Universe pageant Anne Jakkaphong Jakrajutatip speaks during the 71st Miss Universe competition. AFP         Thai businesswoman and owner of Miss Universe pageant Anne Jakkaphong Jakrajutatip speaks during the 71st Miss Universe competition. AFP       • Contestants take part in the final round. AFP         Contestants take part in the final round. AFP       • Gabriel on stage. Reuters         Gabriel on stage. Reuters       • Miss Trinidad and Tobago Tya Jane Ramey. Reuters         Miss Trinidad and Tobago Tya Jane Ramey. Reuters       • Miss Spain Alicia Faubel. Reuters         Miss Spain Alicia Faubel. Reuters       • Miss Australia Monique Riley. AFP         Miss Australia Monique Riley. AFP       • Miss Canada Amelia Tu. Reuters         Miss Canada Amelia Tu. Reuters       • Miss Haiti Mideline Phelizor. Reuters         Miss Haiti Mideline Phelizor. Reuters       • Jakrajutatip, left, as owner of the Miss Universe Organisation, presents the ImpactWayv Challenge Award to Miss Thailand Anna Sueangam-iam. AP         Jakrajutatip, left, as owner of the Miss Universe Organisation, presents the ImpactWayv Challenge Award to Miss Thailand Anna Sueangam-iam. AP       • Miss Colombia Maria Fernanda Aristizabal reacts after being selected as the last of the 16 finalists. AP         Miss Colombia Maria Fernanda Aristizabal reacts after being selected as the last of the 16 finalists. AP       • Jeannie Mai Jenkins and Olivia Culpo host the competition. Getty Images         Jeannie Mai Jenkins and Olivia Culpo host the competition. Getty Images       • Miss Seychelles Gabriella Gonthier walks through the crowd with fellow contestants for the start of the final round. AP         Miss Seychelles Gabriella Gonthier walks through the crowd with fellow contestants for the start of the final round. AP        "El Salvador is a country that is full of beauty," said Bukele in a recorded video. "We have the best surfing beaches in the world, magnificent volcanoes, exquisite coffee and we have now become the safest country in Latin America.        "I would like to thank the Miss Universe Organisation for joining us in this historic process. El Salvador is changing and we want you to come and see it for yourselves."        Officially known as the Republic of El Salvador, the country is in Central America, sharing borders with Honduras and Guatemala.        It last held the pageant in 1975, in San Salvador, when Miss Finland took the crown.        The US has held the pageant more than any other nation, but other host countries have included Thailand, the Philippines, Russia, Vietnam, Greece, Cyprus, South Korea and Singapore, to name a few.        In 2021, when India's Harnaaz Sandhu came in first, it was held in Israel for the first time.        Major changes at Miss Universe afoot        While more information on the competition and venue are yet to be announced, fans can expect major changes in the pageant this year.        In October, Thai media and content company JKN Global Group acquired the Miss Universe Organisation from IMG, making chief executive Anne Jakkaphong Jakrajutatip the first woman to own the global beauty competition in its 70-year history.        JKN, which owns a portfolio of broadcast and media titles, said the deal will build on the pageant's legacy and further its commitment to inclusivity. There are also plans to expand the Miss Universe brand, including the launch of MU Lifestyle, a new licensing and merchandising arm.        Read more        The most striking Miss Universe national costumes, from Bahrain to India        Last year, the Miss Universe Organisation made a historic decision to change qualification rules for contestants for the first time in seven decades. According to an internal memo seen by The National, the organisation said it will allow married women and mothers to participate.        Previously, only single women, aged between 18 and 28, who have never been married or had children, could apply.        "We all believe that women should have agency over their lives and that a human's personal decisions should not be a barrier to their success," the memo said.        The rules will be in effect for the 72nd Miss Universe contest.        Israel bows out        In November, for the first time in seven decades, Israel announced it would not send a beauty queen to the 2022 Miss Universe pageant.        The Miss Israel organisation released a statement, saying it would not participate in the pageant, which was founded in 1952.        The Times of Israel reported that opinions in the country were divided on whether or not beauty pageants remain relevant in 2022.        The announcement was made a year after the Israeli southern resort city of Eilat hosted the global pageant.        It remains to be seen if any other nations will follow suit this year.        Scroll through the gallery below to see Miss Universe 2022 national costume round        • Miss India, Divita Rai, during the 71st Miss Universe national costume competition. All photos: AFP         Miss India, Divita Rai, during the 71st Miss Universe national costume competition. All photos: AFP       • The dress worn by Miss Bahrain, Evlin Khalifa, was designed by Furne One, whose Amato label is based in Dubai         The dress worn by Miss Bahrain, Evlin Khalifa, was designed by Furne One, whose Amato label is based in Dubai       • Miss Lebanon, Yasmina Zaytoun         Miss Lebanon, Yasmina Zaytoun       • Miss Philippines, Celeste Cortesi         Miss Philippines, Celeste Cortesi       • Miss Colombia, Maria Fernanda Aristizabal         Miss Colombia, Maria Fernanda Aristizabal       • Miss The Bahamas, Angel J Cartwright         Miss The Bahamas, Angel J Cartwright       • Miss Vietnam, Neuyen Thi Ngoc Chau         Miss Vietnam, Neuyen Thi Ngoc Chau       • Miss Poland, Aleksandra Klepaczka         Miss Poland, Aleksandra Klepaczka       • Miss Armenia, Kristina Ayanian         Miss Armenia, Kristina Ayanian       • Miss Peru, Alessia Rovegno         Miss Peru, Alessia Rovegno       • Miss Netherlands, Ona Moody         Miss Netherlands, Ona Moody       • Miss Mexico, Irma Cristina Miranda Valenzuela         Miss Mexico, Irma Cristina Miranda Valenzuela       • Miss Turkey, Aleyna Sirin         Miss Turkey, Aleyna Sirin       • Miss Iceland, Hrafnhildur Haraldsdottir         Miss Iceland, Hrafnhildur Haraldsdottir       • Miss Argentina, Barbara Cabrera         Miss Argentina, Barbara Cabrera       • Miss British Virgin Islands, Lia Claxton         Miss British Virgin Islands, Lia Claxton       • Miss Nigeria, Hannah Iribhogbe         Miss Nigeria, Hannah Iribhogbe       • Miss El Salvador, Alexjandra Guajardo Sada         Miss El Salvador, Alexjandra Guajardo Sada       • Miss Cameroon, Mouketey Lynette Monalisa Jelly         Miss Cameroon, Mouketey Lynette Monalisa Jelly       • Miss Kyrgyzstan, Altynai Botoyarova         Miss Kyrgyzstan, Altynai Botoyarova       • Miss Malta, Maxine Formosa Gruppetta         Miss Malta, Maxine Formosa Gruppetta       • Miss Spain, Alicia Faubel         Miss Spain, Alicia Faubel       • Miss Seychelles, Gabriella Gonthier         Miss Seychelles, Gabriella Gonthier       • Miss France, Floriane Bascou         Miss France, Floriane Bascou       • Miss China, Sichen Jiang         Miss China, Sichen Jiang       • Miss Ukraine, Viktoria Apanasenko         Miss Ukraine, Viktoria Apanasenko       • Miss Korea, Hanna Kim         Miss Korea, Hanna Kim       • Miss Jamaica, Toshami Calvin         Miss Jamaica, Toshami Calvin       Updated: January 15, 2023, 5:56 AM       Miss UniverseBeautyFashion        Most popular today        1        Eid Al Adha holiday dates announced for public sector        2        Reckless driver's vehicle seized after Dubai Police catch him swerving through traffic        3        Huge crowds lead to cancellation of launch of Audemars Piguet x Swatch watch at Dubai Mall        4        Remembering the day Dubai bade farewell to ship that carried Indian hopes and dreams to the UAE        5        Flydubai suspends flights to three cities in Pakistan        6        UAE start-up sells surplus food at discount prices to cut waste and ease cost of living        7        Everything you need to know about the Audemars Piguet x Swatch Royal Pop watch ahead of its UAE release        8        Register now for The National’s award-winning journalism – free and tailored to you        9        Iran war latest: UAE says air defences engaged 15 missiles and four drones        10        Cartoon for May 16, 2025        L 00004000 atest from The National        Arrow       The National News Logo       IPSO regulated       News       UAE       Gulf       MENA       US       UK       Europe       Asia       Business       Aviation       Economy       Energy       Money       Property       Banking       Markets       Opinion       Comment       Editorial       Obituaries       Cartoon       Feedback       Future       Science       Space       Technology       Climate       Environment       Road to Net Zero       Health       Culture       Art & Design       Books       Film & TV       Music & On-stage       Pop Culture       Lifestyle       Travel       Fashion & Beauty       Food       Motoring       Luxury       Home & Garden       Wellbeing       Things to do       Sport       Football       Cricket       Olympics       F1       Tennis       Combat Sports       Cycling       Weekend       Living in the UAE       TN Magazine       Podcasts Newsletters Read E-Paper Print Subscriptions Video App       About UsContact UsWork With UsAdvertise With UsTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyCookie PolicySitemapArchiveRegistration FAQsRosalynn Carter Fellowship       IPSO regulated       Follow us       Get news alerts from       The National logo       You can manage notifications at any time by clicking the notifications icon.       00000000
__label__wiki 2b87 Beijing Sport University v Nei Mongol live scores & match info | Soccerway  Beijing Sport University v Nei Mongol Live Score, H2h & Match Info  Scores News FavouritesMatchesPremier LeagueLaLigaSerie ABundesligaChampions LeagueEuropa LeagueConference League AD France gouvernement  Les jeux d’argent et de hasard peuvent être dangereux : pertes d’argent, conflits familiaux, addiction…  Retrouvez nos conseils sur www.joueurs-info-service.fr (09-74-75-13-13, appel non surtaxé) Loading... Pinned Leagues My Teams Albania Algeria Andorra Angola Antigua & Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Bundesliga Azerbaijan Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Jupiler Pro League Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia & Herzegovina Botswana Brazil Serie A Betano Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Chad Chile China Colombia Congo Congo DR Costa Rica Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador England Premier League Championship League One League Two FA Cup EFL Cup Estonia Eswatini Ethiopia Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France Ligue 1 Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Bundesliga 2. Bundesliga Ghana Gibraltar Greece Guatemala Guinea Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Serie A Serie B Coppa Italia Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Malawi Malaysia Mali Malta Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Moldova Mongolia Montenegro Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Netherlands Eredivisie New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Northern Ireland North Macedonia Norway Oman Pakistan Palestine Panama Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Liga Portugal Qatar Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda San Marino Saudi Arabia Scotland Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Somalia South Africa Betway Premiership South Korea Spain LaLiga Copa del Rey Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Togo Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay USA MLS Uzbekistan Venezuela Vietnam Wales Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Africa Africa Cup of Nations World Cup Asia Asian Cup World Cup Australia & Oceania World Cup Europe Euro Champions League Europa League UEFA Nations League Euro U21 Euro U19 World Cup Euro U17 North & Central America Gold Cup World Cup South America Copa América Copa Libertadores World Cup World World Cup Olympic Games World Cup U20 World Cup U17 Friendly International Club Friendly Stay on Top of Football with Beijing Sport University v Nei Mongol Stats and Match Info on Soccerway  Soccerway is your go-to destination for everything football. Whether you’re looking for Beijing Sport University v Nei Mongol stats, match results, Beijing Sport University v Nei Mongol detailed head-to-head (H2H) statistics, Soccerway has you covered. Our platform covers hundreds of leagues and competitions from around the world, including Beijing Sport University v Nei Mongol and the biggest names in football like Premier League, LaLiga, Serie A, Bundesliga, and Champions League.  Each match page features essential insights such as line-ups, goal scorers, cards, substitutions, possession stats, xG data, and more. From club form to individual player ratings, Soccerway lets fans track their favourite teams and players across domestic and international competitions.  Show more France gouvernement  Les jeux d’argent et de hasard peuvent être dangereux : pertes d’argent, conflits familiaux, addiction…  Retrouvez nos conseils sur www.joueurs-info-service.fr (09-74-75-13-13, appel non surtaxé) UEFA Champions League Europa League Conference League Euro World Cup Premier League Premier League Arsenal Chelsea Manchester City Liverpool United Kingdom Championship FA Cup Premiership NIFL Premiership Cymru Premier Teams Barcelona Real Madrid PSG Bayern Inter Betting Betting Best Betting Sites Betting Bonuses Football Betting Sites Best Betting Apps Soccerway.com Terms of Use Privacy Policy GDPR and Journalism Contact Impressum FAQ Mobile applications Our mobile app is optimised for your phone. Download it for free! App Store App Store Please, gamble responsibly Copyright © 2001-26 Soccerway.com Set privacy 0
 League Two FA Cup EFL Cup Estonia Eswatini Ethiopia Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France Ligue 1 Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Bundesliga 2. Bundesliga Ghana Gibraltar Greece Guatemala Guinea Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Serie A Serie B Coppa Italia Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Malawi Malaysia Mali Malta Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Moldova Mongolia Montenegro Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Netherlands Eredivisie New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Northern Ireland North Macedonia Norway Oman Pakistan Palestine Panama Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Liga Portugal Qatar Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda San Marino Saudi Arabia Scotland Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Somalia South Africa Betway Premiership South Korea Spain LaLiga Copa del Rey Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Togo Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay USA MLS Uzbekistan Venezuela Vietnam Wales Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Africa Africa Cup of Nations World Cup Asia Asian Cup World Cup Australia & Oceania World Cup Europe Euro Champions League Europa League UEFA Nations League Euro U21 Euro U19 World Cup Euro U17 North & Central America Gold Cup World Cup South America Copa América Copa Libertadores World Cup World World Cup Olympic Games World Cup U20 World Cup U17 Friendly International Club Friendly Stay on Top of Football with Beijing Sport University v Nei Mongol Stats and Match Info on Soccerway  Soccerway is your go-to destination for everything football. Whether you’re looking for Beijing Sport University v Nei Mongol stats, match results, Beijing Sport University v Nei Mongol detailed head-to-head (H2H) statistics, Soccerway has you covered. Our platform covers hundreds of leagues and competitions from around the world, including Beijing Sport University v Nei Mongol and the biggest names in football like Premier League, LaLiga, Serie A, Bundesliga, and Champions League.  Each match page features essential insights such as line-ups, goal scorers, cards, substitutions, possession stats, xG data, and more. From club form to individual player ratings, Soccerway lets fans track their favourite teams and players across domestic and international competitions.  Show more France gouvernement  Les jeux d’argent et de hasard peuvent être dangereux : pertes d’argent, conflits familiaux, addiction…  Retrouvez nos conseils sur www.joueurs-info-service.fr (09-74-75-13-13, appel non surtaxé) UEFA Champions League Europa League Conference League Euro World Cup Premier League Premier League Arsenal Chelsea Manchester City Liverpool United Kingdom Championship FA Cup Premiership NIFL Premiership Cymru Premier Teams Barcelona Real Madrid PSG Bayern Inter Betting Betting Best Betting Sites Betting Bonuses Football Betting Sites Best Betting Apps Soccerway.com Terms of Use Privacy Policy GDPR and Journalism Contact Impressum FAQ Mobile applications Our mobile app is optimised for your phone. Download it for free! App Store App Store Please, gamble responsibly Copyright © 2001-26 Soccerway.com Set privacy 0
__label__wiki 8000 History of Westervelt College - 1885 to Today Text size: A+   A- 519.668.2000   • Home   • Career Programs     • Business Accounting & Payroll     • Business Marketing Professional     • Executive Administration     • Health Information Management     • Hotel, Restaurant, Casino Management     • IT Technician     • Massage Therapy     • Medical Administration     • Medical Laboratory Assistant Technician     • Office Administrator     • Paralegal Studies     • Personal Support Worker     • Pharmacy Technician     • Law, Security & Police Foundations     • Orthopaedic Technician     • Receptionist     • Tourism & Travel     • Web Design Professional   • Admissions     • Career Services     • Financing & Tuition     • Financial Resources   • Request Info   • Why Westervelt     • About Us     • Campus Life     • History     • Student Reviews     • Faculty Profiles   • International   • Employers     • Post a job   • Contact Us   • Live Chat Skip Navigation LinksHome > Why Westervelt > History DIPLOMA PROGRAMS IN HEALTHCARE, BUSINESS, LAW, SERVICE & IT Request Information   Company Logos Get Free Information Courses, Admission & Financial Aid *First Name:   *Last Name:   *Email:   *Phone:   I agree to receive future electronic communication from Westervelt College. Read our terms & privacy policy.  History of Westervelt College  1885 James Washington Westervelt Sr. founds Westervelt College at its first location at Richmond St. and King St. 1886 Westervelt welcomes its first female students 1887 Fellow of the Chartered Accountants of Canada, James Washington Westervelt Jr. begins working at Westervelt College with his father 1896 Westervelt assists in founding the Business Educator’s Association of Canada (1896) 1897 Westervelt located at YMCA Building, top floor (King St. by Wellington/Waterloo) 1905 James Westervelt Sr. serves as Chairman of the London Board of Education 1917 Westervelt re-locates to 463 Richmond St. (formerly Western Hotel, then Lucan Stagecoach Lines) 1920 W.F. Marshall assumes ownership of the college. 1955 N.L. Thomson assumes ownership of the college. 1962 L.G. Lougheed assumes ownership of the college. 1972 The college re-locates to 190 Wortley Rd. 1991 London's historic Westervelt College was facing hard times. Donna Doerr, an experienced instructor, takes over as Principal of Westervelt, and begins the College's revival. 1992 Donna and Allan Doerr purchase Westervelt College and set to the task of rebuilding an educational institution that has been part of London’s history since 1885 1994 Westervelt College receives the Community Service Award from the National Association of Career Colleges 1995 Dr. and Mrs. Doerr build a new, 4-storey, 40,000 square foot campus on the corner of Wellington St. and Bradley Ave. 1996 Westervelt is a Finalist at the Chamber of Commerce Outstanding Business Achievement Awards Donna Doerr wins Ontario Woman Entrepreneur of the Year Donna Doerr wins Canadian Woman Entrepreneur of the Year Westervelt receives the Dr. James E. Boone Award in recognition of excellence in fundraising for the Children’s Hospital of Western Ontario 1997 Donna Doerr is a Regional Finalist for Canadian Woman Entrepreneur of the Year 1999 Ontario Restaurant Hotel and Motel Association awards Westervelt “Supplier of the Year” for supplying the best graduates for employment in the Hospitality Industry 2000 A baby is born in an ambulance on the front lawn of College. The baby is promptly awarded a full Tuition Scholarship (News coverage by the National Post, London Free Press, & the Globe and Mail) 2001 London Police Service Recruiting and Training recognition for dedication and commitment to the training of the members of the London Police Service 2009 Westervelt College receives London Chamber of Commerce Outstanding Business Achievement Award 2010 Westervelt Celebrates 125 Years and over 48,000 graduates. Westervelt receives recognition from the Prime Minister, the Premier and the Attorney General: “The enterprise and the hard work of those who have built Westervelt College over these many decades is an accomplishment that has benefitted the community and our province.” 2012 Westervelt joins ECC, a Pan Canadian education group holding many of Canada’s most prestigious colleges, and announces the appointment of Don Thibert to President and CEO.  Let's Get Started! Call our admissions team today at (226) 213-4147 to learn more about our programs.  Request More Info 		Proud Member Of:      Facebook Twitter YouTube Copyright 2014 © Westervelt College footerbar footerbar footerbar footerbar footerbar Home Programs Admissions Contact Us   • Faculty of Business   • Business Accounting & Payroll   • Business Marketing Professional   • Executive Administration   • Office Administrator   • Receptionist   • Faculty of Healthcare   • Health Information Management   • Massage Therapy   • Medical Administration   • Medical Laboratory Assistant Technician   • Personal Support Worker   • Pharmacy Technician   • Orthopaedic Technician   • Faculty of Technology   • IT Technician   • Web Design Professional   •     • Faculty of Service   • Hotel, Restaurant & Casino Management   • Tourism & Travel   • Faculty of Law   • Law, Security & Police Foundations   • Paralegal Studies 0
__label__wiki 4e1 404 Not Found  404  Not Found  The resource requested could not be found on this server!   Proudly powered by LiteSpeed Web Server  Please be advised that LiteSpeed Technologies Inc. is not a web hosting company and, as such, has no control over content found on this site.  0
__label__wiki Moved Permanently  The document has moved here.
__label__wiki 1ee9 Page Not Found - Inter Press Service | Inter Press Service Languages   • ESPAÑOL   • FRANÇAIS   • DEUTSCH   • ITALIANO   • JAPANESE   • NEDERLANDS   • PORTUGUÊS   • SUOMI   • SVENSKA   • SWAHILI   • TÜRKÇE 2000  Sunday, May 17, 2026  IPS on Twitter IPS on Facebook RSS feed  INTER PRESS SERVICE  News Agency  News and Views from the Global South                      • Africa   • Asia-Pacific   • Europe   • Latin America & the Caribbean   • Middle East & North Africa   • North America   • Global   • Home   • Development & Aid     • Aid     • Education     • Energy     • Health     • Food & Agriculture     • Humanitarian Emergencies     • Poverty & SDGs     • Population   • Economy & Trade     • Financial Crisis     • Green Economy     • Labour     • Natural Resources     • Trade & Investment     • Cooperatives   • Environment     • Advancing Deserts     • Biodiversity     • Climate Change     • Green Economy     • Water & Sanitation   • Human Rights     • Armed Conflicts     • Crime & Justice     • Democracy     • Indigenous Rights     • LGBTQ     • Migration & Refugees     • Press Freedom     • Religion   • Global Governance     • Civilisations Find Alliances     • Eye on the IFIs     • Global Geopolitics     • Globalisation     • Peace     • South-South     • United Nations   • South-South     • G77     • Regional Alliances     • Southern Aid & Trade   • Civil Society     • Active Citizens     • World Social Forum     • Conferences   • Gender     • Gender Violence     • Women & Economy     • Women & Climate Change     • Women’s Health     • Gender Identity     • Women in Politics Home » 404 Error                 We're sorry, the page you are looking for may have moved during the redesign of our site or no longer exists.           Please return to the home page or use the search option for further information. You can contact us if you           feel you have reached this page in error: webmaster[at]ipsnews.net. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT  The Week with IPS ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Tweets NEXT STOP - SDGs Tracking global progress towards a sustainable world     • Africa   • Asia-Pacific   • Europe   • Latin America & the Caribbean   • Middle East & North Africa   • North America   • Global   • Newsletter   • RSS   • Subscribe   • Reprint / Republish   • Contact Us   • Our Partners   • Donate   • About Us   • Our Team   • Follow IPS   • Twitter   • Facebook  IPS is an international communication institution with a global news agency at its core,raising the voices of the South and civil society on issues of development, globalisation, human rights and the environment Copyright © 2026 IPS-Inter Press Service. All rights reserved. - Terms & Conditions  X d2b   You have the Power to Make a Difference   Would you consider a $20.00 contribution today that will help to keep the IPS news wire active? Your contribution will make a huge difference.  Make a Difference 0
__label__wiki 1fc44 Craig Ehlo Stats, Height, Weight, Position, Draft Status and more | Basketball-Reference.com   • Sports Reference ®   • Baseball   • Football (college)   • Basketball (college)   • Hockey   • Soccer   • Blog   • Stathead ®   • Immaculate Grid ®   • Questions or Comments?   • Welcome  · Your Account   • Logout   • Ad-Free Login   • Create Account Basketball-Reference.com MENU   • Players   • Teams   • Seasons   • Leaders   • Scores   • WNBA   • Draft   • Stathead   • Newsletter   • Full Site Menu Below You are here: BBR Home Page > Players > E > Craig Ehlo   • Welcome  · Your Account   • Logout   • Ad-Free Login   • Create Account Photo of Craig Ehlo  Craig Ehlo  Joel Craig Ehlo  (Eggs, Mr. Everything)  Position: Shooting Guard ▪ Shoots: Right  6-6, 180lb (198cm, 81kg)  Born: August 11, 1961 in Lubbock, Texas us  Colleges: Odessa College, Washington State  High School: Monterey in Lubbock, Texas  Draft: Houston Rockets, 3rd round (1st pick, 48th overall), 1983 NBA Draft  NBA Debut: April 2, 1984  Career Length: 14 years  3 3 3 3 3 +4 Become a Stathead & surf this site ad-free. SUMMARY  Career  G  873  PTS  8.6  TRB  3.6  AST  2.8  FG%  45.3  FG3%  36.9  FT%  68.9  eFG%  50.0  PER  13.4  WS  41.2  Craig Ehlo Menu    • Craig Ehlo Overview   • More Ehlo Pages      Game Logs      • 1983-84     • 1984-85     • 1985-86     • 1986-87     • 1987-88     • 1988-89     • 1989-90     • 1990-91     • 1991-92     • 1992-93     • 1993-94     • 1994-95     • 1995-96     • 1996-97     • Career Playoffs      Splits      • 1983-84     • 1984-85     • 1985-86     • 1986-87     • 1987-88     • 1988-89     • 1989-90     • 1990-91     • 1991-92     • 1992-93     • 1993-94     • 1994-95     • 1995-96     • 1996-97     • Career      Shooting      • 1996-97      Lineups      • 1996-97      On/Off      • 1996-97      Other Craig Ehlo Pages      • Game Finder     • Streak Finder     • Span Finder     • Shot Finder     • Event Finder     • Quarter Finder     • Teammates & Opponents     • Compare Craig Ehlo to other players      More Craig Ehlo pages at Sports Reference      • College Basketball at Sports-Reference.com   • Game Logs     • 1983-84     • 1984-85     • 1985-86     • 1986-87     • 1987-88     • 1988-89     • 1989-90     • 1990-91     • 1991-92     • 1992-93     • 1993-94     • 1994-95     • 1995-96     • 1996-97     • Career Playoffs   • Splits     • 1983-84     • 1984-85     • 1985-86     • 1986-87     • 1987-88     • 1988-89     • 1989-90     • 1990-91     • 1991-92     • 1992-93     • 1993-94     • 1994-95     • 1995-96     • 1996-97     • Career   • Shooting     • 1996-97   • Lineups     • 1996-97   • On/Off     • 1996-97   • More      More Craig Ehlo Basketball Reference pages      • Game Finder     • Streak Finder     • Span Finder     • Shot Finder     • Event Finder     • Quarter Finder     • Teammates & Opponents      More Craig Ehlo pages at Sports Reference      • College Basketball at Sports-Reference.com      Compare Craig Ehlo to other players    • On this page     • Per Game     • Totals     • Per 36 Minutes     • Per 100 Poss     • Advanced     • Adjusted Shooting     • Play-by-Play     • Shooting     • Game Highs     • Playoffs Series     • Similarity Scores     • College Stats     • Leaderboards, Awards, & Honors     • Transactions     • Salaries     • Frequently Asked Questions     • Name + "Statistics" Translations     • Full Site Menu  Keyboard Shortcuts  \ to toggle sidebar navigation  / to toggle search input  More about this update  Per Game  ✨Upgraded✨  Per Game  ✨Upgraded✨ Regular Season Playoffs Per Game Table Season Age Team Lg Pos G GS MP FG FGA FG% 3P 3PA 3P% 2P 2PA 2P% eFG% FT FTA FT% ORB DRB TRB AST STL BLK TOV PF PTS Awards 1983-84 22 HOU NBA SG 7 0 9.0 1.6 3.9 .407 0.0 0.0 1.6 3.9 .407 .407 0.1 0.1 1.000 0.6 0.7 1.3 0.9 0.4 0.0 0.4 1.9 3.3 1984-85 23 HOU NBA SG 45 0 4.2 0.8 1.5 .493 0.0 0.1 .000 0.8 1.5 .515 .493 0.4 0.7 .633 0.2 0.4 0.6 0.6 0.2 0.1 0.5 0.6 1.9 1985-86 24 HOU NBA SG 36 0 5.5 1.0 2.3 .429 0.1 0.3 .333 0.9 2.1 .440 .446 0.6 0.8 .793 0.5 0.8 1.3 0.8 0.3 0.1 0.4 0.6 2.7 1986-87 25 CLE NBA SG 44 15 20.2 2.3 5.4 .414 0.1 0.7 .172 2.1 4.8 .448 .425 1.6 2.3 .707 1.3 2.4 3.7 2.1 0.9 0.7 1.4 1.8 6.2 1987-88 26 CLE NBA SG 79 27 21.6 2.9 6.1 .466 0.3 0.8 .344 2.6 5.3 .485 .489 1.1 1.7 .674 1.1 2.4 3.5 2.6 1.0 0.4 1.4 2.3 7.1 1988-89 27 CLE NBA SG 82 4 22.8 3.0 6.4 .475 0.5 1.2 .390 2.6 5.2 .495 .512 0.9 1.4 .607 1.2 2.4 3.6 3.2 1.3 0.2 1.4 2.0 7.4 1989-90 28 CLE NBA SG 81 64 35.7 5.4 11.6 .464 1.3 3.1 .419 4.1 8.5 .480 .519 1.6 2.3 .681 1.8 3.6 5.4 4.6 1.6 0.3 2.0 2.8 13.6 1990-91 29 CLE NBA SG 82 68 33.7 4.2 9.4 .445 0.6 1.8 .329 3.6 7.6 .473 .477 1.2 1.7 .679 1.7 3.0 4.7 4.6 1.5 0.4 2.0 2.5 10.1 1991-92 30 CLE NBA SG 63 62 32.0 4.9 10.9 .453 1.1 2.7 .413 3.8 8.2 .466 .504 1.4 2.0 .707 1.5 3.4 4.9 3.8 1.2 0.3 1.7 2.4 12.3 1992-93 31 CLE NBA SG 82 73 31.2 4.7 9.6 .490 1.1 3.0 .381 3.6 6.6 .540 .550 1.0 1.5 .717 1.4 3.5 4.9 3.1 1.3 0.3 1.5 2.1 11.6 1993-94 32 ATL NBA SG 82 0 26.2 3.9 8.6 .446 0.9 2.7 .348 2.9 5.9 .491 .501 1.4 1.9 .727 0.9 2.5 3.4 3.3 1.7 0.3 1.6 2.0 10.0 6MOY-3 1994-95 33 ATL NBA SG 49 0 23.8 3.9 8.6 .453 1.0 2.7 .381 2.9 5.9 .486 .513 0.9 1.4 .620 1.1 1.9 3.0 2.3 0.9 0.1 1.5 1.8 9.7 1995-96 34 ATL NBA SG 79 8 22.3 3.2 7.5 .428 1.0 2.8 .371 2.2 4.7 .462 .497 1.0 1.3 .786 0.8 2.4 3.2 1.7 1.1 0.1 1.3 1.7 8.5 1996-97 35 SEA NBA SG 62 0 13.7 1.4 4.0 .351 0.4 1.5 .284 1.0 2.5 .392 .405 0.2 0.4 .500 0.6 1.1 1.8 1.1 0.6 0.1 0.7 1.1 3.5 14 Yrs 873 321 24.1 3.4 7.5 .453 0.7 1.9 .369 2.7 5.6 .481 .500 1.1 1.5 .689 1.1 2.5 3.6 2.8 1.1 0.3 1.4 1.9 8.6 CLE (7 Yrs) 513 313 28.7 4.0 8.6 .463 0.7 2.0 .381 3.3 6.7 .486 .506 1.2 1.8 .681 1.4 3.0 4.4 3.5 1.3 0.4 1.6 2.3 9.9 ATL (3 Yrs) 210 8 24.1 3.6 8.2 .442 1.0 2.7 .365 2.6 5.5 .480 .503 1.1 1.6 .723 0.9 2.3 3.2 2.5 1.3 0.2 1.5 1.8 9.4 HOU (3 Yrs) 88 0 5.1 0.9 2.0 .450 0.0 0.1 .250 0.9 1.9 .464 .458 0.5 0.7 .717 0.3 0.6 0.9 0.7 0.3 0.1 0.5 0.7 2.4 SEA (1 Yr) 62 0 13.7 1.4 4.0 .351 0.4 1.5 .284 1.0 2.5 .392 .405 0.2 0.4 .500 0.6 1.1 1.8 1.1 0.6 0.1 0.7 1.1 3.5 Per Game Table Season Age Team Lg Pos G GS MP FG FGA FG% 3P 3PA 3P% 2P 2PA 2P% eFG% FT FTA FT% ORB DRB TRB AST STL BLK TOV PF PTS Awards 1984-85 23 HOU NBA SG 3 0 2.0 0.3 0.3 1.000 0.0 0.0 0.3 0.3 1.000 1.000 0.7 0.7 1.000 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 1.3 0.0 0.0 1.0 1.3 1985-86 24 HOU NBA SG 10 0 3.8 0.8 1.6 .500 0.0 0.1 .000 0.8 1.5 .533 .500 0.4 0.5 .800 0.1 0.2 0.3 0.6 0.4 0.1 0.3 0.4 2.0 1987-88 26 CLE NBA SG 5 1 25.6 3.4 8.0 .425 0.0 1.6 .000 3.4 6.4 .531 .425 2.0 3.2 .625 0.6 3.0 3.6 3.4 1.0 0.0 2.4 2.8 8.8 1988-89 27 CLE NBA SG 4 1 24.3 4.3 9.8 .436 1.3 3.3 .385 3.0 6.5 .462 .500 2.3 2.8 .818 0.5 1.0 1.5 3.3 0.8 0.3 1.3 2.5 12.0 1989-90 28 CLE NBA SG 5 5 39.2 5.2 12.4 .419 1.0 3.0 .333 4.2 9.4 .447 .460 2.4 3.8 .632 1.4 5.0 6.4 6.4 1.2 0.0 2.4 3.6 13.8 1991-92 30 CLE NBA SG 17 14 32.5 3.7 8.9 .414 1.2 3.0 .412 2.5 5.9 .416 .484 0.9 1.2 .762 1.3 3.2 4.5 4.5 1.2 0.3 1.1 2.4 9.6 1992-93 31 CLE NBA SG 9 9 32.1 4.2 10.1 .418 1.1 2.9 .385 3.1 7.2 .431 .473 1.3 1.7 .800 1.1 2.3 3.4 2.8 1.3 0.4 1.9 2.1 10.9 1993-94 32 ATL NBA SG 11 0 28.8 4.5 10.7 .424 0.7 2.1 .348 3.8 8.6 .442 .458 1.5 2.2 .708 1.0 1.7 2.7 3.6 1.0 0.0 1.2 2.9 11.4 1994-95 33 ATL NBA SG 3 0 16.3 0.7 4.0 .167 0.3 2.0 .167 0.3 2.0 .167 .208 1.3 1.3 1.000 0.0 2.3 2.3 1.0 0.7 0.0 1.3 0.0 3.0 1995-96 34 ATL NBA SG 9 0 19.0 1.3 4.6 .293 0.8 2.6 .304 0.6 2.0 .278 .378 0.6 0.8 .714 0.1 1.9 2.0 1.0 1.0 0.2 1.0 1.6 4.0 10 Yrs 76 30 24.3 3.1 7.5 .409 0.8 2.2 .343 2.3 5.3 .436 .459 1.2 1.6 .734 0.8 2.2 2.9 2.9 1.0 0.2 1.2 2.0 8.1 CLE (5 Yrs) 40 30 31.6 4.0 9.6 .419 1.0 2.8 .363 3.0 6.8 .443 .473 1.5 2.1 .720 1.1 3.0 4.1 4.1 1.2 0.3 1.6 2.5 10.6 ATL (3 Yrs) 23 0 23.3 2.8 7.4 .374 0.7 2.3 .308 2.1 5.2 .403 .421 1.1 1.5 .743 0.5 1.9 2.4 2.3 1.0 0.1 1.1 2.0 7.4 HOU (2 Yrs) 13 0 3.4 0.7 1.3 .529 0.0 0.1 .000 0.7 1.2 .563 .529 0.5 0.5 .857 0.1 0.2 0.2 0.5 0.6 0.1 0.2 0.5 1.8 Bold season totals indicate player led league. Black Ink appears for stats with a leaderboard. Basketball Reference.com Logo Sign up for the free Basketball Reference newsletter and get scores, news and notes in your inbox every day. It's also available for football, hockey and baseball.  Sign Up For Free    • Stathead Logo Insights  Table Highlight In Stathead Career high, Points31View full stats from top 20 games Career high, Rebounds14View full stats from top 20 games Career high, Assists12View full stats from top 20 games Career high, Steals7View full stats from top 20 games Career high, Blocks4View full stats from top 20 games Career high, Game Score35.0View full stats from top 20 games  Use Stathead to compare Craig Ehlo to: Javascript is required for the selection of a player. Choice is:   Ex: LeBron James, Michael Jordan  Player News    • Add Your Blog Posts Here   • Player News Archive   • Player News RSS Feed  Totals  ✨Upgraded✨  Totals  ✨Upgraded✨ Regular Season Playoffs Totals Table Season Age Team Lg Pos G GS MP FG FGA FG% 3P 3PA 3P% 2P 2PA 2P% eFG% FT FTA FT% ORB DRB TRB AST STL BLK TOV PF PTS Trp-Dbl Awards 1983-84 22 HOU NBA SG 7 0 63 11 27 .407 0 0 11 27 .407 .407 1 1 1.000 4 5 9 6 3 0 3 13 23 0 1984-85 23 HOU NBA SG 45 0 189 34 69 .493 0 3 .000 34 66 .515 .493 19 30 .633 8 17 25 26 11 3 22 26 87 0 1985-86 24 HOU NBA SG 36 0 199 36 84 .429 3 9 .333 33 75 .440 .446 23 29 .793 17 29 46 29 11 4 15 22 98 0 1986-87 25 CLE NBA SG 44 15 890 99 239 .414 5 29 .172 94 210 .448 .425 70 99 .707 55 106 161 92 40 30 61 80 273 0 1987-88 26 CLE NBA SG 79 27 1709 226 485 .466 22 64 .344 204 421 .485 .489 89 132 .674 86 188 274 206 82 30 107 182 563 0 1988-89 27 CLE NBA SG 82 4 1867 249 524 .475 39 100 .390 210 424 .495 .512 71 117 .607 100 195 295 266 110 19 116 161 608 0 1989-90 28 CLE NBA SG 81 64 2894 436 940 .464 104 248 .419 332 692 .480 .519 126 185 .681 147 292 439 371 126 23 161 226 1102 0 1990-91 29 CLE NBA SG 82 68 2766 344 773 .445 49 149 .329 295 624 .473 .477 95 140 .679 142 246 388 376 121 34 160 209 832 0 1991-92 30 CLE NBA SG 63 62 2016 310 684 .453 69 167 .413 241 517 .466 .504 87 123 .707 94 213 307 238 78 22 104 150 776 0 1992-93 31 CLE NBA SG 82 73 2559 385 785 .490 93 244 .381 292 541 .540 .550 86 120 .717 113 290 403 254 104 22 124 170 949 0 1993-94 32 ATL NBA SG 82 0 2147 316 708 .446 77 221 .348 239 487 .491 .501 112 154 .727 71 208 279 273 136 26 130 161 821 0 6MOY-3 1994-95 33 ATL NBA SG 49 0 1166 191 422 .453 51 134 .381 140 288 .486 .513 44 71 .620 55 92 147 113 46 6 73 86 477 0 1995-96 34 ATL NBA SG 79 8 1758 253 591 .428 82 221 .371 171 370 .462 .497 81 103 .786 65 191 256 138 85 9 104 138 669 0 1996-97 35 SEA NBA SG 62 0 848 87 248 .351 27 95 .284 60 153 .392 .405 13 26 .500 39 71 110 68 36 4 45 71 214 0 14 Yrs 873 321 21071 2977 6579 .453 621 1684 .369 2356 4895 .481 .500 917 1330 .689 996 2143 3139 2456 989 232 1225 1695 7492 0 82 Game Avg 82 30 1979 280 618 .453 58 158 .369 221 460 .481 .500 86 125 .689 94 201 295 231 93 22 115 159 704 0 CLE (7 Yrs) 513 313 14701 2049 4430 .463 381 1001 .381 1668 3429 .486 .506 624 916 .681 737 1530 2267 1803 661 180 833 1178 5103 0 ATL (3 Yrs) 210 8 5071 760 1721 .442 210 576 .365 550 1145 .480 .503 237 328 .723 191 491 682 524 267 41 307 385 1967 0 HOU (3 Yrs) 88 0 451 81 180 .450 3 12 .250 78 168 .464 .458 43 60 .717 29 51 80 61 25 7 40 61 208 0 SEA (1 Yr) 62 0 848 87 248 .351 27 95 .284 60 153 .392 .405 13 26 .500 39 71 110 68 36 4 45 71 214 0 Totals Table Season Age Team Lg Pos G GS MP FG FGA FG% 3P 3PA 3P% 2P 2PA 2P% eFG% FT FTA FT% ORB DRB TRB AST STL BLK TOV PF PTS Trp-Dbl Awards 1984-85 23 HOU NBA SG 3 0 6 1 1 1.000 0 0 1 1 1.000 1.000 2 2 1.000 0 0 0 0 4 0 0 3 4 0 1985-86 24 HOU NBA SG 10 0 38 8 16 .500 0 1 .000 8 15 .533 .500 4 5 .800 1 2 3 6 4 1 3 4 20 0 1987-88 26 CLE NBA SG 5 1 128 17 40 .425 0 8 .000 17 32 .531 .425 10 16 .625 3 15 18 17 5 0 12 14 44 0 1988-89 27 CLE NBA SG 4 1 97 17 39 .436 5 13 .385 12 26 .462 .500 9 11 .818 2 4 6 13 3 1 5 10 48 0 1989-90 28 CLE NBA SG 5 5 196 26 62 .419 5 15 .333 21 47 .447 .460 12 19 .632 7 25 32 32 6 0 12 18 69 0 1991-92 30 CLE NBA SG 17 14 552 63 152 .414 21 51 .412 42 101 .416 .484 16 21 .762 22 55 77 77 21 5 18 40 163 0 1992-93 31 CLE NBA SG 9 9 289 38 91 .418 10 26 .385 28 65 .431 .473 12 15 .800 10 21 31 25 12 4 17 19 98 0 1993-94 32 ATL NBA SG 11 0 317 50 118 .424 8 23 .348 42 95 .442 .458 17 24 .708 11 19 30 40 11 0 13 32 125 0 1994-95 33 ATL NBA SG 3 0 49 2 12 .167 1 6 .167 1 6 .167 .208 4 4 1.000 0 7 7 3 2 0 4 0 9 0 1995-96 34 ATL NBA SG 9 0 171 12 41 .293 7 23 .304 5 18 .278 .378 5 7 .714 1 17 18 9 9 2 9 14 36 0 10 Yrs 76 30 1843 234 572 .409 57 166 .343 177 406 .436 .459 91 124 .734 57 165 222 222 77 13 93 154 616 0 82 Game Avg 82 32 1989 252 617 .409 62 179 .343 191 438 .436 .459 98 134 .734 62 178 240 240 83 14 100 166 665 0 CLE (5 Yrs) 40 30 1262 161 384 .419 41 113 .363 120 271 .443 .473 59 82 .720 44 120 164 164 47 10 64 101 422 0 ATL (3 Yrs) 23 0 537 64 171 .374 16 52 .308 48 119 .403 .421 26 35 .743 12 43 55 52 22 2 26 46 170 0 HOU (2 Yrs) 13 0 44 9 17 .529 0 1 .000 9 16 .563 .529 6 7 .857 1 2 3 6 8 1 3 7 24 0 Bold season totals indicate player led league. Black Ink appears for stats with a leaderboard. Become a Stathead & surf this site ad-free.  Per 36 Minutes  ✨Upgraded✨  Per 36 Minutes  ✨Upgraded✨ Regular Season Playoffs Per 36 Minutes Table Season Age Team Lg Pos G GS MP FG FGA FG% 3P 3PA 3P% 2P 2PA 2P% eFG% FT FTA FT% ORB DRB TRB AST STL BLK TOV PF PTS Awards 1983-84 22 HOU NBA SG 7 0 63 6.3 15.4 .407 0.0 0.0 6.3 15.4 .407 .407 0.6 0.6 1.000 2.3 2.9 5.1 3.4 1.7 0.0 1.7 7.4 13.1 1984-85 23 HOU NBA SG 45 0 189 6.5 13.1 .493 0.0 0.6 .000 6.5 12.6 .515 .493 3.6 5.7 .633 1.5 3.2 4.8 5.0 2.1 0.6 4.2 5.0 16.6 1985-86 24 HOU NBA SG 36 0 199 6.5 15.2 .429 0.5 1.6 .333 6.0 13.6 .440 .446 4.2 5.2 .793 3.1 5.2 8.3 5.2 2.0 0.7 2.7 4.0 17.7 1986-87 25 CLE NBA SG 44 15 890 4.0 9.7 .414 0.2 1.2 .172 3.8 8.5 .448 .425 2.8 4.0 .707 2.2 4.3 6.5 3.7 1.6 1.2 2.5 3.2 11.0 1987-88 26 CLE NBA SG 79 27 1709 4.8 10.2 .466 0.5 1.3 .344 4.3 8.9 .485 .489 1.9 2.8 .674 1.8 4.0 5.8 4.3 1.7 0.6 2.3 3.8 11.9 1988-89 27 CLE NBA SG 82 4 1867 4.8 10.1 .475 0.8 1.9 .390 4.0 8.2 .495 .512 1.4 2.3 .607 1.9 3.8 5.7 5.1 2.1 0.4 2.2 3.1 11.7 1989-90 28 CLE NBA SG 81 64 2894 5.4 11.7 .464 1.3 3.1 .419 4.1 8.6 .480 .519 1.6 2.3 .681 1.8 3.6 5.5 4.6 1.6 0.3 2.0 2.8 13.7 1990-91 29 CLE NBA SG 82 68 2766 4.5 10.1 .445 0.6 1.9 .329 3.8 8.1 .473 .477 1.2 1.8 .679 1.8 3.2 5.0 4.9 1.6 0.4 2.1 2.7 10.8 1991-92 30 CLE NBA SG 63 62 2016 5.5 12.2 .453 1.2 3.0 .413 4.3 9.2 .466 .504 1.6 2.2 .707 1.7 3.8 5.5 4.2 1.4 0.4 1.9 2.7 13.9 1992-93 31 CLE NBA SG 82 73 2559 5.4 11.0 .490 1.3 3.4 .381 4.1 7.6 .540 .550 1.2 1.7 .717 1.6 4.1 5.7 3.6 1.5 0.3 1.7 2.4 13.4 1993-94 32 ATL NBA SG 82 0 2147 5.3 11.9 .446 1.3 3.7 .348 4.0 8.2 .491 .501 1.9 2.6 .727 1.2 3.5 4.7 4.6 2.3 0.4 2.2 2.7 13.8 6MOY-3 1994-95 33 ATL NBA SG 49 0 1166 5.9 13.0 .453 1.6 4.1 .381 4.3 8.9 .486 .513 1.4 2.2 .620 1.7 2.8 4.5 3.5 1.4 0.2 2.3 2.7 14.7 1995-96 34 ATL NBA SG 79 8 1758 5.2 12.1 .428 1.7 4.5 .371 3.5 7.6 .462 .497 1.7 2.1 .786 1.3 3.9 5.2 2.8 1.7 0.2 2.1 2.8 13.7 1996-97 35 SEA NBA SG 62 0 848 3.7 10.5 .351 1.1 4.0 .284 2.5 6.5 .392 .405 0.6 1.1 .500 1.7 3.0 4.7 2.9 1.5 0.2 1.9 3.0 9.1 14 Yrs 873 321 21071 5.1 11.2 .453 1.1 2.9 .369 4.0 8.4 .481 .500 1.6 2.3 .689 1.7 3.7 5.4 4.2 1.7 0.4 2.1 2.9 12.8 CLE (7 Yrs) 513 313 14701 5.0 10.8 .463 0.9 2.5 .381 4.1 8.4 .486 .506 1.5 2.2 .681 1.8 3.7 5.6 4.4 1.6 0.4 2.0 2.9 12.5 ATL (3 Yrs) 210 8 5071 5.4 12.2 .442 1.5 4.1 .365 3.9 8.1 .480 .503 1.7 2.3 .723 1.4 3.5 4.8 3.7 1.9 0.3 2.2 2.7 14.0 HOU (3 Yrs) 88 0 451 6.5 14.4 .450 0.2 1.0 .250 6.2 13.4 .464 .458 3.4 4.8 .717 2.3 4.1 6.4 4.9 2.0 0.6 3.2 4.9 16.6 SEA (1 Yr) 62 0 848 3.7 10.5 .351 1.1 4.0 .284 2.5 6.5 .392 .405 0.6 1.1 .500 1.7 3.0 4.7 2.9 1.5 0.2 1.9 3.0 9.1 Per 36 Minutes Table Season Age Team Lg Pos G GS MP FG FGA FG% 3P 3PA 3P% 2P 2PA 2P% eFG% FT FTA FT% ORB DRB TRB AST STL BLK TOV PF PTS Awards 1984-85 23 HOU NBA SG 3 0 6 6.0 6.0 1.000 0.0 0.0 6.0 6.0 1.000 1.000 12.0 12.0 1.000 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 24.0 0.0 0.0 18.0 24.0 1985-86 24 HOU NBA SG 10 0 38 7.6 15.2 .500 0.0 0.9 .000 7.6 14.2 .533 .500 3.8 4.7 .800 0.9 1.9 2.8 5.7 3.8 0.9 2.8 3.8 18.9 1987-88 26 CLE NBA SG 5 1 128 4.8 11.3 .425 0.0 2.3 .000 4.8 9.0 .531 .425 2.8 4.5 .625 0.8 4.2 5.1 4.8 1.4 0.0 3.4 3.9 12.4 1988-89 27 CLE NBA SG 4 1 97 6.3 14.5 .436 1.9 4.8 .385 4.5 9.6 .462 .500 3.3 4.1 .818 0.7 1.5 2.2 4.8 1.1 0.4 1.9 3.7 17.8 1989-90 28 CLE NBA SG 5 5 196 4.8 11.4 .419 0.9 2.8 .333 3.9 8.6 .447 .460 2.2 3.5 .632 1.3 4.6 5.9 5.9 1.1 0.0 2.2 3.3 12.7 1991-92 30 CLE NBA SG 17 14 552 4.1 9.9 .414 1.4 3.3 .412 2.7 6.6 .416 .484 1.0 1.4 .762 1.4 3.6 5.0 5.0 1.4 0.3 1.2 2.6 10.6 1992-93 31 CLE NBA SG 9 9 289 4.7 11.3 .418 1.2 3.2 .385 3.5 8.1 .431 .473 1.5 1.9 .800 1.2 2.6 3.9 3.1 1.5 0.5 2.1 2.4 12.2 1993-94 32 ATL NBA SG 11 0 317 5.7 13.4 .424 0.9 2.6 .348 4.8 10.8 .442 .458 1.9 2.7 .708 1.2 2.2 3.4 4.5 1.2 0.0 1.5 3.6 14.2 1994-95 33 ATL NBA SG 3 0 49 1.5 8.8 .167 0.7 4.4 .167 0.7 4.4 .167 .208 2.9 2.9 1.000 0.0 5.1 5.1 2.2 1.5 0.0 2.9 0.0 6.6 1995-96 34 ATL NBA SG 9 0 171 2.5 8.6 .293 1.5 4.8 .304 1.1 3.8 .278 .378 1.1 1.5 .714 0.2 3.6 3.8 1.9 1.9 0.4 1.9 2.9 7.6 10 Yrs 76 30 1843 4.6 11.2 .409 1.1 3.2 .343 3.5 7.9 .436 .459 1.8 2.4 .734 1.1 3.2 4.3 4.3 1.5 0.3 1.8 3.0 12.0 CLE (5 Yrs) 40 30 1262 4.6 11.0 .419 1.2 3.2 .363 3.4 7.7 .443 .473 1.7 2.3 .720 1.3 3.4 4.7 4.7 1.3 0.3 1.8 2.9 12.0 ATL (3 Yrs) 23 0 537 4.3 11.5 .374 1.1 3.5 .308 3.2 8.0 .403 .421 1.7 2.3 .743 0.8 2.9 3.7 3.5 1.5 0.1 1.7 3.1 11.4 HOU (2 Yrs) 13 0 44 7.4 13.9 .529 0.0 0.8 .000 7.4 13.1 .563 .529 4.9 5.7 .857 0.8 1.6 2.5 4.9 6.5 0.8 2.5 5.7 19.6 Bold season totals indicate player led league. Black Ink appears for stats with a leaderboard.  Advanced  ✨Upgraded✨  Advanced  ✨Upgraded✨ Regular Season Playoffs Advanced Table Season Age Team Lg Pos G GS MP PER TS% 3PAr FTr ORB% DRB% TRB% AST% STL% BLK% TOV% USG% OWS DWS WS WS/48 OBPM DBPM BPM VORP Awards 1983-84 22 HOU NBA SG 7 0 63 8.2 .419 .000 .037 6.9 8.5 7.7 12.4 2.2 0.0 9.9 19.0 0.0 0.1 0.0 .018 -4.2 0.0 -4.2 -0.1 1984-85 23 HOU NBA SG 45 0 189 12.8 .529 .043 .435 4.7 10.0 7.4 18.0 2.7 0.9 21.1 21.8 0.0 0.2 0.2 .057 -2.0 1.1 -0.9 0.1 1985-86 24 HOU NBA SG 36 0 199 17.5 .506 .107 .345 9.1 15.9 12.5 18.9 2.6 1.1 13.4 21.9 0.3 0.2 0.5 .126 1.4 0.4 1.9 0.2 1986-87 25 CLE NBA SG 44 15 890 11.5 .483 .121 .414 6.7 12.8 9.8 14.0 2.1 1.9 17.8 15.5 0.0 1.2 1.2 .065 -1.6 1.5 -0.1 0.4 1987-88 26 CLE NBA SG 79 27 1709 12.5 .518 .132 .272 6.1 12.6 9.4 17.1 2.4 1.0 16.5 16.2 0.9 2.3 3.1 .088 -0.8 1.4 0.6 1.1 1988-89 27 CLE NBA SG 82 4 1867 13.7 .528 .191 .223 6.4 11.2 8.9 19.2 2.9 0.6 16.8 15.7 1.5 3.1 4.6 .118 -0.1 2.1 2.0 1.9 1989-90 28 CLE NBA SG 81 64 2894 14.5 .539 .264 .197 5.6 11.4 8.5 19.5 2.2 0.5 13.6 17.7 3.3 3.2 6.5 .108 0.3 0.8 1.1 2.3 1990-91 29 CLE NBA SG 82 68 2766 12.0 .498 .193 .181 6.0 10.3 8.1 19.5 2.2 0.7 16.1 15.7 0.9 2.4 3.4 .058 -0.9 0.6 -0.4 1.1 1991-92 30 CLE NBA SG 63 62 2016 13.8 .526 .244 .180 5.4 11.4 8.5 16.6 2.0 0.6 12.3 18.2 2.0 1.9 3.8 .091 0.4 0.0 0.4 1.2 1992-93 31 CLE NBA SG 82 73 2559 14.2 .566 .311 .153 5.3 12.4 9.0 13.9 2.1 0.5 12.9 16.7 3.0 3.1 6.2 .116 0.7 0.6 1.2 2.1 1993-94 32 ATL NBA SG 82 0 2147 15.0 .529 .312 .218 3.6 10.7 7.1 18.8 3.2 0.8 14.4 18.1 2.4 3.5 5.9 .132 0.0 2.1 2.2 2.3 6MOY-3 1994-95 33 ATL NBA SG 49 0 1166 13.9 .526 .318 .168 5.4 9.4 7.3 16.5 2.1 0.4 13.9 20.5 0.8 1.4 2.1 .088 0.1 0.2 0.3 0.7 1995-96 34 ATL NBA SG 79 8 1758 13.7 .526 .374 .174 4.2 13.4 8.6 12.8 2.6 0.4 14.0 18.9 1.5 1.8 3.3 .090 -0.3 0.4 0.2 1.0 1996-97 35 SEA NBA SG 62 0 848 7.6 .412 .383 .105 5.6 10.1 7.8 12.3 2.3 0.4 14.8 16.4 -0.7 1.0 0.3 .018 -3.3 0.1 -3.2 -0.2 14 Yrs 873 321 21071 13.4 .523 .256 .202 5.4 11.5 8.5 17.0 2.4 0.7 14.6 17.3 15.7 25.5 41.2 .094 -0.3 0.9 0.6 14.1 82 Game Avg 82 30 1979 13.4 .523 .256 .202 5.4 11.5 8.5 17.0 2.4 0.7 14.6 17.3 1.5 2.4 3.9 .094 -0.3 0.9 0.6 1.3 CLE (7 Yrs) 513 313 14701 13.4 .528 .226 .207 5.8 11.6 8.8 17.5 2.2 0.7 14.7 16.7 11.6 17.2 28.8 .094 -0.2 0.9 0.7 10.2 ATL (3 Yrs) 210 8 5071 14.3 .527 .335 .191 4.2 11.3 7.7 16.2 2.7 0.6 14.1 18.9 4.6 6.7 11.3 .107 0.0 1.1 1.1 3.9 HOU (3 Yrs) 88 0 451 14.2 .504 .067 .333 7.0 12.4 9.7 17.6 2.6 0.9 16.2 21.5 0.2 0.5 0.8 .082 -0.8 0.7 -0.1 0.2 SEA (1 Yr) 62 0 848 7.6 .412 .383 .105 5.6 10.1 7.8 12.3 2.3 0.4 14.8 16.4 -0.7 1.0 0.3 .018 -3.3 0.1 -3.2 -0.2 Advanced Table Season Age Team Lg Pos G GS MP PER TS% 3PAr FTr ORB% DRB% TRB% AST% STL% BLK% TOV% USG% OWS DWS WS WS/48 OBPM DBPM BPM VORP Awards 1984-85 23 HOU NBA SG 3 0 6 47.7 1.064 .000 2.000 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 30.8 0.0 0.0 11.7 0.0 0.1 0.1 .786 3.9 37.0 40.9 0.1 1985-86 24 HOU NBA SG 10 0 38 18.6 .549 .063 .313 2.8 5.6 4.2 22.4 5.1 1.5 14.2 22.6 0.0 0.1 0.1 .149 2.5 4.5 7.1 0.1 1987-88 26 CLE NBA SG 5 1 128 9.0 .468 .200 .400 2.8 12.4 7.9 19.0 2.0 0.0 20.3 20.5 -0.2 0.1 0.0 -0.016 -3.2 0.5 -2.7 0.0 1988-89 27 CLE NBA SG 4 1 97 15.6 .547 .333 .282 2.4 4.9 3.6 23.6 1.6 0.7 10.2 23.1 0.1 0.1 0.2 .116 1.8 0.7 2.5 0.1 1989-90 28 CLE NBA SG 5 5 196 12.5 .490 .242 .306 4.7 13.5 9.6 23.2 1.6 0.0 14.6 19.3 0.0 0.2 0.2 .047 -1.2 -0.1 -1.3 0.0 1991-92 30 CLE NBA SG 17 14 552 12.8 .505 .336 .138 5.0 11.0 8.2 20.4 2.0 0.5 10.0 14.7 0.5 0.6 1.2 .102 1.6 1.4 2.9 0.7 1992-93 31 CLE NBA SG 9 9 289 11.3 .502 .286 .165 4.2 9.0 6.6 13.7 2.2 0.9 14.8 18.3 0.0 0.3 0.3 .044 -0.3 0.3 0.1 0.2 1993-94 32 ATL NBA SG 11 0 317 13.7 .486 .195 .203 3.8 7.0 5.3 22.2 1.9 0.0 9.2 20.5 0.3 0.3 0.6 .098 -0.1 0.9 0.9 0.2 1994-95 33 ATL NBA SG 3 0 49 2.8 .327 .500 .333 0.0 17.0 8.1 10.6 2.2 0.0 22.5 17.0 -0.2 0.0 -0.1 -0.139 -5.9 -1.1 -7.0 -0.1 1995-96 34 ATL NBA SG 9 0 171 6.1 .408 .561 .171 0.7 12.6 6.5 8.5 3.0 0.9 17.0 15.0 -0.2 0.1 -0.2 -0.044 -4.6 0.3 -4.3 -0.1 10 Yrs 76 30 1843 11.9 .492 .290 .217 3.7 10.2 7.1 18.6 2.2 0.5 12.9 17.9 0.5 1.9 2.4 .062 -0.3 0.9 0.5 1.2 82 Game Avg 82 32 1989 11.9 .492 .290 .217 3.7 10.2 7.1 18.6 2.2 0.5 12.9 17.9 0.6 2.0 2.6 .062 -0.3 0.9 0.5 1.3 CLE (5 Yrs) 40 30 1262 12.3 .502 .294 .214 4.3 10.6 7.7 19.4 2.0 0.5 13.2 17.5 0.5 1.3 1.8 .069 0.3 0.8 1.0 1.0 ATL (3 Yrs) 23 0 537 10.3 .456 .304 .205 2.5 9.7 6.0 16.7 2.3 0.3 12.2 18.4 -0.1 0.4 0.3 .031 -2.0 0.5 -1.5 0.1 HOU (2 Yrs) 13 0 44 22.6 .598 .059 .412 2.4 4.9 3.7 19.3 8.6 1.3 13.0 21.1 0.1 0.1 0.2 .236 2.7 9.0 11.7 0.2 Bold season totals indicate player led league. Black Ink appears for stats with a leaderboard.  Shooting  ✨Upgraded✨ Regular Season Shooting Table % of FGA by Distance FG% by Distance % of FG Ast'd Dunks Corner 3s 1/2 Court Season Age Team Lg Pos G GS MP FG% Dist. 2P 0-3 3-10 10-16 16-3P 3P 2P 0-3 3-10 10-16 16-3P 3P 2P 3P %FGA # %3PA 3P% Att. Md. Awards 1996-97 35 SEA NBA SG 62 0 848 .351 15.6 .617 .331 .056 .081 .149 .383 .392 .476 .429 .300 .243 .284 .783 .963 .004 1 .326 .355 0 0 1 Yr 62 0 848 .351 15.6 .617 .331 .056 .081 .149 .383 .392 .476 .429 .300 .243 .284 .783 .963 .004 1 .326 .355 0 0 82 Game Avg 82 0 1122 .351 15.6 .617 .331 .056 .081 .149 .383 .392 .476 .429 .300 .243 .284 .783 .963 .004 1 .326 .355 0 0  College Stats    • More College Stats on SR/CBB  · underline indicates incomplete record  Appearances on Leaderboards, Awards, and Honors  Transactions  Salaries  Frequently Asked Questions  How old is Craig Ehlo?  Craig Ehlo is 64 years old.  Where was Craig Ehlo born?  Craig Ehlo was born in Lubbock, Texas.  When was Craig Ehlo born?  Craig Ehlo was born on August 11, 1961.  How tall is Craig Ehlo?  Craig Ehlo is 6-6 (198 cm) tall.  How much did Craig Ehlo weigh when playing?  Craig Ehlo weighed 180 lbs (81 kg) when playing.  Is Craig Ehlo in the Hall of Fame?  Craig Ehlo is not in the Hall of Fame.  When was Craig Ehlo drafted?  Craig Ehlo was drafted by Houston Rockets, 3rd round (1st pick, 48th overall), 1983 NBA Draft.  What position did Craig Ehlo play?  Shooting Guard.  When did Craig Ehlo retire?  Craig Ehlo last played in 1997.  What is Craig Ehlo's net worth?  Craig Ehlo made at least $10,586,163 playing professional basketball.  How much did Craig Ehlo make?  Craig Ehlo made $2,650,000 in 1995.  What did Craig Ehlo average?  Craig Ehlo averaged 8.6 points, 3.6 rebounds, and 2.8 assists per game.  How many rings does Craig Ehlo have?  Craig Ehlo won 0 championships.  What schools did Craig Ehlo attend?  Craig Ehlo attended Monterey in Lubbock, Texas, Odessa College and Washington State.  What are Craig Ehlo's nicknames?  Eggs, Mr. Everything are nicknames for Craig Ehlo.  Name + "Statistics" Translations    • Note, this is done in an automated way, so we apologize for any errors, & please report any suggested corrections. "Statistics" is included to allow non-English speakers to find our pages.  More Ehlo Pages  Craig Ehlo Overview  Game Logs    • 1983-84   • 1984-85   • 1985-86   • 1986-87   • 1987-88   • 1988-89   • 1989-90   • 1990-91   • 1991-92   • 1992-93   • 1993-94   • 1994-95   • 1995-96   • 1996-97   • Career Playoffs  Splits    • 1983-84   • 1984-85   • 1985-86   • 1986-87   • 1987-88   • 1988-89   • 1989-90   • 1990-91   • 1991-92   • 1992-93   • 1993-94   • 1994-95   • 1995-96   • 1996-97   • Career  Shooting    • 1996-97  Lineups    • 1996-97  On/Off    • 1996-97  Other Craig Ehlo Pages    • Game Finder   • Streak Finder   • Span Finder   • Shot Finder   • Event Finder   • Quarter Finder   • Teammates & Opponents   • Compare Craig Ehlo to other players  More Craig Ehlo pages at Sports Reference    • College Basketball at Sports-Reference.com   • Welcome  · Your Account   • Logout   • Ad-Free Login   • Create Account You are here: BBR Home Page > Players > E > Craig Ehlo  Full Site Menu    • Return to Top   • Players     In the News: V. Wembanyama, L. James, K. Durant, J. Embiid, J. Harden, S. Curry, L. Dončić ...     All-Time Greats: E. Hayes, J. Stockton, H. Olajuwon, W. Chamberlain, D. Schayes, J. Havlicek ...     Active Greats: L. James, G. Antetokounmpo, N. Jokić, J. Harden, S. Curry, K. Durant ...   • Teams     Atlantic: Toronto, Boston, New York, Brooklyn, Philadelphia     Central: Cleveland, Indiana, Detroit, Chicago, Milwaukee     Southeast: Miami, Atlanta, Charlotte, Washington, Orlando     Northwest: Oklahoma City, Portland, Utah, Denver, Minnesota     Pacific: Golden State, Los Angeles Clippers, Sacramento, Phoenix, Los Angeles Lakers     Southwest: San Antonio, Dallas, Memphis, Houston, New Orleans   • Seasons     2025-26, 2024-25, 2023-24, 2022-23, 2021-22, 2020-21, 2019-20 ...   • Leaders     Season Points, Career Rebounds, Active Assists, Yearly Steals, Progressive Blocks ...     Or, view "Trailers" for Season Field Goal Pct, or Career Blocks Per Game   • NBA Scores     Yesterday's Games and Scores from any date in BAA/NBA or ABA history   • NBA Schedules     Team Schedules and League Schedules   • NBA Standings     Today's Standings and Standings for any date in history   • Stathead     Player Finders: Season Finder, Game Finder, Streak Finder, Span Finder     Team Finders: Season Finder, Game Finder, Streak Finder, Span Finder     Other Finders: Versus Finder, Shot Finder     College Tools: Player Season Finder, Player Game Finder, Team Season Finder, Team Game Finder   • Coaches     Richie Guerin, Rudy Tomjanovich, Jim O'Brien, Mike Fratello, Alvin Gentry ...   • Awards     NBA MVP, All-NBA, Defensive Player of the Year, Rookie of the Year, All-Rookie, Hall of Fame ...   • NBA Contracts     Main Index, Team Payrolls, Player Contracts, Glossary ...   • Playoffs     2026 NBA Playoffs, 2025 NBA Playoffs, 2024 NBA Playoffs, 2023 NBA Playoffs, 2022 NBA Playoffs, 2021 NBA Playoffs, 2020 NBA Playoffs, Playoffs Series History ...   • All-Star Games     2025 All-Star Game, 2024 All-Star Game, 2023 All-Star Game, 2022 All-Star Game, 2021 All-Star Game, 2020 All-Star Game, 2019 All-Star Game ...   • NBA Draft     2025 Draft, 2024 Draft, 2023 Draft, 2022 Draft, 2021 Draft, 2020 Draft, 2019 Draft ...   • Frivolities     Players who played for multiple teams (WNBA), Birthdays, Colleges, High Schools, Milestone Watch ...   • Executives     Daryl Morey, Masai Ujiri, Pat Riley, Danny Ainge, Jon Horst ...   • Referees     Joe Forte, Tony Brothers, Dan Crawford, Ron Olesiak, David Jones ...   • G League Stats     Players, Teams, Seasons, Leaders, Awards ...   • International Basketball Stats     Players, Teams, Seasons, Leaders, Awards ...   • WNBA     Players, Teams, Seasons, Leaders, Awards, All-Star Games, Executives ...   • NBL     Players, Teams, Seasons, Leaders, Awards ...   • About     Glossary, Contact and Media Information, Frequently Asked Questions about the NBA, WNBA and Basketball, NBA Data Coverage, ABA Data Coverage, ...   • Immaculate Grid (Men's) and Immaculate Grid (Women's)     Put your basketball knowledge to the test with our daily basketball trivia games. Can you complete the grids?   • Basketball-Reference.com Blog and Articles  We're Social...for Statheads  Site Last Updated: Saturday, May 16, 7:36PM  Question, Comment, Feedback, or Correction?  Subscribe to our Free Email Newsletter  Subscribe to Stathead Basketball: Get your first month FREE Your All-Access Ticket to the Basketball Reference Database  Do you have a sports website? Or write about sports? We have tools and resources that can help you use sports data. Find out more.  FAQs, Tip & Tricks    • Tips and Tricks from our Blog.   • Do you have a blog? Join our linker program.   • Watch our How-To Videos to Become a Stathead   • Subscribe to Stathead and get access to more data than you can imagine  All logos are the trademark & property of their owners and not Sports Reference LLC. We present them here for purely educational purposes. Our reasoning for presenting offensive logos.  Logos were compiled by the amazing SportsLogos.net.  Data Provided By SportRadar the official stats partner of the NBA, NHL and MLB.  Copyright © 2000-2026 Sports Reference LLC. All rights reserved.  The SPORTS REFERENCE, STATHEAD, IMMACULATE GRID, and IMMACULATE FOOTY trademarks are owned exclusively by Sports Reference LLC. Use without license or authorization is expressly prohibited.    • Sports Reference ®   • Baseball   • Football (college)   • Basketball (college)   • Hockey   • Soccer   • Blog   • Stathead ®   • Immaculate Grid ® About • Conditions & Terms of Service • Advertise With Us • Jobs at SR • Basketball-Reference.com T-Shirts & Store • Your Privacy Choices  Sports Reference Purpose: We will be the trusted source of information and tools that inspire and empower users to enjoy, understand, and share the sports they love.  Privacy Policy • Gambling Revenue Policy • Accessibility Policy • Use of Data 0
__label__wiki BBC Homepage   • Skip to content   • Accessibility Help   • Your account   • Home   • News   • Sport   • Earth   • Reel   • Worklife   • Travel   • Culture   • Future   • Music   • TV   • Weather   • Sounds More menu More menu Search BBC   • Home   • News   • Sport   • Earth   • Reel   • Worklife   • Travel   • Culture   • Future   • Music   • TV   • Weather   • Sounds Close menu BBC Sport Menu   • Home   • Football   • Cricket   • Formula 1   • Rugby U   • Tennis   • Golf   • Cycling   • Athletics More A-Z Sports   • American Football   • Athletics   • Basketball   • Boxing   • Cricket   • Cycling   • Darts   • Disability Sport   • Football   • Formula 1   • Gaelic Games   • Golf   • Gymnastics   • Horse Racing   • Mixed Martial Arts   • Motorsport   • Netball   • Olympic Sports   • Rugby League   • Rugby Union   • Snooker   • Swimming   • Tennis   • Full Sports A-Z More from Sport   • England   • Scotland   • Wales   • Northern Ireland   • News Feeds   • Help & FAQs   • Premier League   • Scores & Fixtures   • Table   • Top Scorers  Brighton 4-0 Manchester United: Big defeat ends United's Champions League hopes    • Published     7 May 2022 Share page About sharing Brighton goalImage source, Getty Images Image caption,  Brighton's Moises Caicedo became the 100th player to score his first ever Premier League goal against Manchester United  ByMichael Emons BBC Sport at the Amex Stadium  Manchester United suffered a humiliating defeat at the hands of a rampant Brighton at the Amex Stadium - a result that confirmed United would not qualify for next season's Champions League.  Ecuador international Moises Caicedo put the hosts ahead with his first Premier League goal in only his sixth game, with a low 25-yard strike after United's Alex Telles had failed to clear.  The visitors, in interim boss Ralf Rangnick's penultimate game in charge before he is replaced by Erik ten Hag, fell apart in the second half, conceding three goals in quick succession.  Marc Cucurella fired into the roof of the net from Leandro Trossard's pull-back for the second, with Trossard setting up Pascal Gross to calmly steer in a third.    • Are 'humiliated' Man Utd at rock bottom?  Trossard scored Brighton's fourth when he bundled the ball over the line from close range, with the goal eventually given after a video assistant review checked for a handball.  The defeat was United's fifth successive away loss and ensured they cannot finish higher than their current spot of sixth in the Premier League, with only the top four playing in next season's Champions League.  It will be only the fifth time in 30 years that they will not play in Europe's major competition - and they could even miss out on the Europa League and drop into the third-tier Europa Conference League.  They are currently six points ahead of seventh-placed West Ham, who have two games in hand.    • Follow live text and radio coverage of Saturday's Premier League football    • Go straight to all the best Brighton & Hove Albion content    • Visit our Manchester United page  Brilliant Brighton set for their best season ever  Figure caption,  Win over Man Utd a result to cherish - Potter  For Brighton, watched by a record crowd at the Amex of 31,637, this was an evening their fans will remember for years to come.  They have had some great moments this season, drawing at Anfield against Liverpool, drawing home and away against Chelsea, taking four points off Arsenal and winning away at Tottenham. But none compares to this dominant victory over United.  Indeed, the Seagulls were not flattered by the margin of victory and could even have scored more, with Welbeck going close in the first half and unlucky not to add a fifth late on with an excellent effort from 25 yards that curled just past the post.  Meanwhile, United's few chances of note included a Bruno Fernandes effort that was parried by Robert Sanchez.  Edinson Cavani, set to leave the club on a free transfer at the end of the season, thought he had scored a consolation when he steered in Harry Maguire's cross from close range - but that was rightly ruled out for offside.  More remarkably, this was ninth-placed Brighton's first home win of 2022 after only picking up four points from their previous eight games at the Amex.  It kept them on course to claim their first ever top-10 finish in English football's top flight in their 121-year history.  Figure caption,  Man Utd 'just not good enough' - Rangnick  For United, the season cannot end quickly enough. They spent almost £120m on Raphael Varane, Jadon Sancho and five-time Ballon d'Or winner Cristiano Ronaldo, and hopes were high at the start of the season that they could push for the title after coming second last season.  But after Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was sacked in November, the club appointed Rangnick on an interim basis, although he was not given the chance to strengthen the squad in the January transfer window and the club have gone backwards.  Manchester United have been English champions a record 20 times, but the rebuilding task facing Ten Hag, who could win the Dutch Eredivisie on Sunday with current club Ajax, is growing by each match.  On this evidence, he faces the toughest task in football to bring United back to their glory years.  Sorry, we can't display this part of the article any more. Sorry, we can't display this part of the article any more. Everything you need to know about your Premier League team bannerImage source, BBC Sport    • Our coverage of your Premier League club is bigger and better than ever before - here's everything you need to know to make sure you never miss a moment  BBC Sport banner footerImage source, BBC Sport  Related topics    • Manchester United   • Premier League   • Football   • Brighton & Hove Albion  Top stories    • Casemiro's fond farewell - how Brazilian turned Man Utd career around      • Published       43 minutes ago    • Rousey seals perfect ending with 15-second comeback win      • Published       57 minutes ago    • No trophy in turbulent season but Alonso arrival offers Chelsea hope      • Published       8 hours ago  Elsewhere on the BBC    • The globe’s spinning fast. Dive in before the end hits hard      Race Across the World S6    • Inside the first Women’s Six Nations Rugby Championship in 2002      Sporting Witness: The First Women’s Six Nations Rugby Championship    • The Smoggie Queens are back with more out and proud comedy      Smoggie Queens    • The world's first labradoodle      Witness History: The world's first labradoodle  Elsewhere in Sport    • Man City beat Chelsea after brilliant Semenyo goal. VideoMan City beat Chelsea after brilliant Semenyo goal      Antoine Semenyo    • Resilient Celtic time run perfectly to win race after eight-month chase      Celtic players celebrate    • 'We crumbled' - another loss, another unwanted record for leaky Liverpool      Arne Slot    • My quality time with Guardiola - and getting his guide to Barcelona      An image of Pep Guardiola and Tony Pulis laughing and smiling to each other when Manchester City played West Brom in 2017    • I'm a passionate lad and I love it at Everton - Pickford      Wayne Rooney and Jordan Pickford pose in front of a TV screen that has an advert for The Wayne Rooney Show on it    • She made what seemed impossible possible - the Rousey show returns      Ronda Rousey at a news conference to promote her bout with Gina Carano    • The making of the £60K bargain who became an Everton legend      Seamus Coleman graphic    • Parlour? Villa? Gerrard? Ranking best FA Cup final goals      Ray Parlour, Ricky Villa and Steven Gerrard    • Why Newcastle's history makers are breaking up      Newcastle United players celebrate after defeating Liverpool in the 2025 League Cup final at Wembley    • Sutton's predictions v Blossoms & Songer      Sutton's predictions v Blossoms and Songer    • How controversial VAR calls have defined two title battles      Motherwell's Sam Nicholson jumps with Celtic's Aaron Trusty    • Durham to Bedford - Gay's 200-mile drive to tell parents of England call-up      Emilio Gay    • Will F1 go back to the future with its engines?      A close-up image of the rear of Mark Webber's Red Bull-Renault at the 2013 United States Grand Prix    • The summer a golden generation lost its shine      England team photo from 2006 World Cup    • Is 15-year-old IPL wonderkid ready to play for India?      Vaibhav Sooryavanshi   • Home   • News   • Sport   • Earth   • Reel   • Worklife   • Travel   • Culture   • Future   • Music   • TV   • Weather   • Sounds   • Terms of Use   • About the BBC   • Privacy Policy   • Cookies   • Accessibility Help   • Parental Guidance   • Contact the BBC   • BBC emails for you   • Advertise with us  Copyright © 2026 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
__label__wiki 1c144 PEOPLE AND THE PEOPLES’ BUS SERVICE - Newspaper - DAWN.COM Dawn Logo Dawn  Subscribe to notifications  Get the latest news and updates from Dawn  Dawn Logo Dawn  PEOPLE AND THE PEOPLES’ BUS SERVICE  How to save Karachi's new bus service Gulraiz Khan Published July 17, 2022 A brand new Peoples’ Bus Service bus in action | Photos by the writer A brand new Peoples’ Bus Service bus in action | Photos by the writer  Karachi is perennially hot and sticky, but this summer has been hotter and stickier than usual.  As I set out hoping to ride on the newly-inaugurated Peoples’ Bus Service, the season’s first major monsoons are still a day or two away, which means breathing through sheets of stifling humidity. I’ve only walked 50 yards to the Nursery bus stop, but my kurta is drenched. Sweat steadily trickles down my face as I squint, hoping to spot a red moving pixel in the distance.  Buses are unglamorous at best and undesirable at worst. You wouldn’t notice the blue-striped, white bus in New York City if it hit you in the face on a crosswalk, despite there being almost 6,000 of them in the city. Or the almost 4,000 yellow, lilac and blue gentle giants of Istanbul that silently, almost apologetically, glide past you in traffic. When they aren’t unremarkable, like in case of the kitschy, bellowing metal contraptions that masquerade as buses in Karachi, you wouldn’t want to set foot in one if you had any alternative.  For a public transit enthusiast, I must confess that I didn’t love buses much either. Conceptually, buses have survived in one way or another, across the world, for around two centuries, even as their form has evolved. Despite this remarkable resilience, they’ve never been the poster child for public transit, except in recent years with the facelift they’ve received in the form of the Bus Rapid Transit (BRT).   Karachi has got a bold, new bus service. Its buses are spanking new, air-conditioned and ruby red. That’s the good part. But the service is already falling into habits that have doomed public transport initiatives in the city before. Here’s how to make it count this time…   Internationally, no mayor shows off their regular city buses. Most tourist maps show subway/metro systems and skip out on buses altogether. There are hardly any souvenir fridge magnets featuring buses. Perhaps the only exception to this rule, as I learnt earlier this year, is London. If I had a fleet of sleek 9,000 radiant red buses set against a grey and dreary sky, I’d take some pride and joy in that too.  This probably explains why I could hardly contain my joy when giant cutouts of red buses started propping up along Sharae Faisal. I had heard about this project from the former provincial transport minister, Syed Awais Ali Shah, exactly a year ago, but I didn’t believe it until the administrator, Murtaza Wahab, posted videos of the buses arriving at the Karachi Port.  Throughout the week since its launch on June 27 though, I count more cutouts than the actual buses during my commute. So, on this hot and sticky Saturday afternoon, as I spot a moving red pixel in the distance, I feel the acidic mix of cautious joy and latent anxiety rise through my gut to the back of my throat.  The ruby red bus pulls up, gently, and the doors swing open, releasing a gust of chilled air from the inside. I take one short step from the asphalt to the soft rubber floor of the bus and the automatic doors swiftly swing shut behind me. Anyone who has ever taken a bus in Karachi would appreciate this one giant leap for the city’s commuters.  I have just begun to feel the joy of the cold air-conditioned air on my face when a small girl in a tightly wound headscarf, maybe six or seven years old, gets up from her mother’s lap in the front section, stumbles and empties her guts out on the bus floor. I’m not sure if it was the heat, the humidity or our shared anxiety, but her vomit instantly baptises Karachi’s newest bus service.  PARBOILED SERVICE  Passengers have quickly taken to the new bus service Passengers have quickly taken to the new bus service  Besides the giant cutouts and some flashy PR, the service seems to have been hurriedly launched in the face of rising fuel prices (and rising public anger) and the impending second phase of the local government elections in Sindh. Four key elements of a scheduled bus service — timings, route, stops and fare — are all a bit hazy right now. Other elements, including communication, staff training and service quality, are also patchy at best. While any new service, understandably, has teething issues, it is the combination of structural issues, and the ghosts of at least three similar failed attempts in the past, that makes one question the sustainability of this initiative.  The sidewalk at the stop I boarded the bus at, Nursery, is dug up. The grey structure is still dishevelled. Except for the red and white painted kerb, nothing about this stop says new service. The map for Route 1 identifies 38 stops along the roughly 30km corridor and Nursery is one of them. The bus, however, stops again 200m ahead, and then again, about 400m ahead, before reaching the next notified stop, FTC. From there to Tower, the bus would make far more than 38 stops, sometimes stopping in the middle of nowhere to drop off a loud passenger. In the absence of clearly notified and marked stations, each stop is a negotiation between an aggressive passenger, a clueless conductor and a pliant driver.  Some of the passenger aggression stems from confusion over the route. News reports had shared a proposed Route 1 with stops at Jinnah Hospital, Cantt Station, Regal Chowk and Araam Bagh. The actual service doesn’t go to any of them. A more updated route map, shared by the operator on Twitter, shows the service starting from the edge of Model Colony on Jinnah Avenue. The actual bus, however, goes several kilometres deep into the colony, all the way to a railway crossing.  Buses are designed to offer a scheduled and well-defined public service, around which millions of commuters can shape their lives and behaviours. It is a time-tested solution to the vexing problem of urban density and mobility: how do you move millions of people quickly and efficiently? If a bus service starts accommodating individual riders’ requests, or the driver and conductor’s whims, the result is chaos. This is a problem that Karachi’s poorest commuters are all too familiar with.  A defined and published route, with clearly demarcated stops, is therefore the bare minimum that this service needs to offer before customer confidence is eroded. More than a week since its official launch, the Peoples’ Bus Service seems to be struggling with even this bare minimum.  LINGERING ON CHUNDRIGAR  Reverting to bad habits: a conductor without uniform takes cash from a passenger Reverting to bad habits: a conductor without uniform takes cash from a passenger  The freshly baptised bus terminates its south-bound journey at Tower. I stay on for the short victory lap over the circular Jinnah Bridge, watching the conductor count the fare from the trip: a little over 5,000 rupees, from about 100 passengers on this single trip. The bus is parked on the bridge off-ramp, right under the shadow of the Art Deco Qamar House, and the driver and conductor take a break.  In another idling bus right ahead, the driver and conductor are eating from a styrofoam box. Shouldn’t there be a lounge for the staff at the terminals for lunch, a break or just to stretch their legs?  I walk up to the bus right at the front, which is about to start its eastbound trip to Model Colony. A rusting, disfigured Gulistan coach crosses my path ominously, reminding me that these city streets are not for the weak.  A few years ago, while teaching a course on public transit at a university, the students and I took a dive into Karachi’s public buses and coaches. Journalist Mahim Maher had just published a fantastic piece on the deep logic that underpins the seemingly informal, chaotic operations of Marwat Coach. Did this method to the madness apply to all private operators? Was there a layer of occult logic behind all this kitschy chaos?  To investigate, we first met with Irshad Bukhari, the menacing-but-grandfatherly president of the Karachi Transport Ittehad. When we asked him for bus routes and stops, he shared with us a bound file with a page for each route. Each page had names of the neighbourhoods that the buses on that route passed through. No maps. No roads. No landmarks. No stops. Just neighbourhoods. This is how bus routes have been conceived, approved and communicated in Karachi thus far. You can check for yourself: go to Google and search for “Karachi bus routes”. See what shows up even today. Hang your head in disappointment.  To map their routes and stops more accurately, the students and I boarded buses on the route 19-D and 20, from their terminal at Shireen Jinnah Colony. Within a few minutes of their departure, we realised there would be no stops. On the entire stretch from Shireen Jinnah to Kharkar Chowrangi, the bus just lingered, almost like a reluctant, drawn-out warm-up before cardio. Passengers hopped on along the way. No one seemed to be in a hurry to get anywhere. It was almost idyllic, as if it were a tourist bus and not one that people depend on to get to work and around the city.  This lingering was the symptom of decades of divestment in public transport by the government. For private owners and contractors, the only thing that matters is passenger numbers, since each trip has a fixed cost of fuel, labour (driver and conductor) and bhatta plus challans along the way. The more people they could take on the trip, the higher the revenue to offset fixed costs. Time, efficiency, speed or service quality were nowhere on the agenda — not for the owner, nor the provincial transport department that should have been the regulator.  The bus therefore lingered to get on board as many people as it could. It would stop wherever it would spot a paying passenger and begrudgingly slow down just enough for a passenger to jump off to disembark. Who needs bus stops then anyway? This was a system primed to deliver the bare minimum, as it cannibalised itself. Hardly surprising, therefore, that the routes and number of buses decimated, first gradually, then suddenly.  Back in the present-day, the red bus I board takes off exactly at 4pm from Tower, with about 20 visibly delighted passengers. Passengers take their camera phones out to record this momentous occasion. They strike up conversations with strangers, full of marvel and trepidation.  But instead of moving swiftly to the next stop, the bus starts to linger along I I Chundrigar Road. Ten minutes later, we haven’t even crossed the HBL Plaza, halfway through. By the time we reach Shaheen Complex, at the other end of Chundrigar, it is 4.15pm. The bus has covered 3kms, and what would’ve been six stops according to the route map, at a snail’s pace of 12km/hr. This is not because of congestion, or traffic. This is an old habit and a structural misunderstanding of how a bus service should be run, exactly the way it had been for the old buses.  GHOSTS OF BUSES PAST  I would have written off the lingering if it didn’t happen on each of the five trips I took over two days, each time more egregiously than before. On my last ride, from the Model Colony to Nursery, the conductor decides to keep the front doors open and hollers, “Tower! Tower!”, as the bus lingered through the Model Colony Road for a good 10 minutes. I’m not sure if the Gulistan coach that crossed me earlier at Tower was a curse, but the ghosts of all the old buses and coaches seem to be haunting the Peoples’ Bus Service.  I confront the conductor about the door and, after mumbling some excuse, he sheepishly asks the driver to close the doors. To be fair, it may not even be his fault entirely. In his sweat-stained cream shalwar kameez and black slippers two sizes too small, he cut a rather unkempt figure. The night before, the conductor I saw was wearing a uniform. None of the conductors on this Saturday are wearing one. They also appeared a bit lost.  Eager passengers call out to them and ask for tickets. While news reports quoted the transport minister saying the fare would vary from 25 to 50 rupees, all the conductors have on them are booklets of paper tickets marked 50 rupees. Cash is the only way to pay, and if a larger denomination is exchanged, there is a nervous wait to collect enough fare from other passengers to return the change. Occasionally, the conductor shouts out, asking if anyone hasn’t paid for the ride. In the world of bad ideas and awful execution, this is probably the worst way to collect fares in a modern transit system.  Each small failure, or instance of shoddy service, might be forgiven in any other context, but not here.  Karachiites are spooked by the successive failures of such services over the last two decades. Here’s the body count: the city government under Naimatullah Khan imported 32 deep-green, beautiful Swedish buses and ran them on two existing routes. Procured on a discounted commercial loan, their financial sustainability was a non-starter. They disappeared even before Naimatullah’s term was over.  The next mayor, Mustafa Kamal, got 75 locally manufactured CNG buses on three routes, upgraded bus stops and added kiosks for ticketing. Bought from the city government’s budget, they had an annual operational cost of 75 million rupees. Once his term was over, the provincial government refused to fund it and the service petered out.  For years, provincial transport minister Syed Nasir Hussain Shah promised 600 buses, but only 10 eventually hit the road in a pilot project in 2018. I only ever saw them once during my commute to work. No one knows exactly when and how they vanished.  Last June, when I met then-transport minister Syed Awais Shah, he mentioned the incoming 250 buses, but I was sceptical. Turns out he wasn’t bluffing after all. We now have a total of 250 buses, imported from China at a cost of 6.5 billion rupees. Ten of these were allocated for Larkana. The remaining 240 will ply seven routes in Karachi. Another 4 billion rupees have been allocated for purchasing more buses in the current fiscal year. Have we finally turned the corner on broken transit dreams?  Buying new buses is the easiest part. It’s a one-off capital expense, provides political mileage through photo ops and requires no structural adjustments. It is the running of transit operations that is the real challenge and requires political acumen, capacity building and cultural transformation. If we don’t want the Peoples’ Bus Service to go down the route of all previous schemes, here is what we will need to do differently this time around.  BEYOND THE BRT  Bus stop should provide information and a comfortable waiting experience Bus stop should provide information and a comfortable waiting experience  Buses are the cheapest form of mass transit, but there are reasons why they are looked down upon, especially when compared to more expensive trams and trains: they are slow, have limited capacity and usually get stuck in the same snarling traffic on the road that they hope to beat. Luckily for us, cities the world over have been working to address some of these concerns and make buses more effective at moving large numbers of people. A lot of that work is distilled into BRT systems that make buses effectively mimic trains, by providing them dedicated corridors. But this comes at a cost.  In Pakistan, where traffic rules’ enforcement is weak, we build tens of flyovers and underpasses for each line to maintain grade separation and ensure dedicated corridors. That’s how they got the original slur, the jangla bus. We don’t know the final price tag for the Green Line BRT in Karachi, but it would be easily north of 30 billion rupees. The Red and Yellow BRT lines, funded by the Asian Development Bank and World Bank, would cost half a billion dollars each. That’s over 100 billion rupees at today’s exchange rate. To scale up simple public transit by buses, we need to learn from our own failures and, clearly, need to think beyond BRTs.  The first thing to consider would be financial sustainability. The largest chunk of a bus system’s operational cost, between 60 to 70 percent, is the cost of staff and labour, including drivers, mechanics, conductors, cleaners, transit agency staff and so on. This figure is fairly universal: it comes from two different studies, from the United States and India.  For a new system, it would make sense to keep as lean a staff base as possible. Some of these roles are essential — drivers and mechanics — but others can be rationalised. The conductor in the Peoples’ Bus Service is simply collecting fare. With fare collection digitised, there will be no need for this role. The currently employed conductors should be upskilled for other essential roles, as the service scales up. Bloating the service now with non-essential staff will only lead to its eventual collapse and render everyone currently employed jobless.  There will also be no financial stability with a leaky fare box or ghost riders. Fare needs to be collected pre-boarding. Whether you’ve got a top-up card, like the Breeze Card for Green Line BRT, or a paper ticket, it should be purchased off-board and validated digitally at the time of boarding. For this reason, most cities only allow for boarding from the front of the bus, where the driver can see that every passenger getting on has validated their payment method. Digital payment methods would also open the possibility for targeted subsidies in the future.  Next is service availability. You will not get passengers if your service isn’t available, visible or predictable. Routes and timings need to be locked in and made publicly available, both digitally and at bus stops. Stops need to be defined and religiously adhered to. If there is a bus every six minutes, no one will panic if a bus leaves the station without them. If there are service delays and disruptions, they need to be communicated in real time. All of this is now fairly simple with a centralised tracking system, and the company’s official Twitter account has indicated that this is forthcoming. My only gripe is that it should have come yesterday, when the service was launched.  Lastly, service quality, which includes the customer experience both within the buses and at the stations. The terminus at Tower was next to garbage dumpsters. The one at Model Colony was in a dusty, unpaved ground. Except refurbishment of some already existing stations, not a single new station has been added yet.  The station is not just a painted shelter: it’s a touchpoint that should provide information and a comfortable waiting experience. The Metropole station, where I waited from 10.20 to 10.50pm on a Friday night in vain, was dark, dingy and enclosed. The left side of the station was covered in black painted metal. To see if a bus was coming from the corner, I had to stand on the road, where I was partially also scared of getting mugged. Bus stations should not be designed by people who have never actually had to wait at a station in their life.  The only sense of safety I had while waiting for the bus that night, came from the adjacent flower shop that was lit up and had some staff. The best security comes from the presence of people and light, not just from CCTV cameras. Stations should be large, transparent, well-lit and, preferably, host a tuck shop that would double as a source of revenue, point of sale for tickets and provide ambient safety. Some of the existing stops already have a kiosk structure. What’s stopping the transit agency from reviving them?  Nothing says bad service quality more than chhaalia wrappers littered on the floor of a bus that has just started service. When hundreds of people will use a vehicle each trip, it is bound to get dirty. Doing a quick cleanliness check at the end of each trip will go a long way in building people’s trust and ownership.  None of these steps are rocket science. Some of these things are being done in the same city, with the Green Line. Lahore has been running the Speedo feeder bus system effectively for years. It all boils down to public pressure and the consequent political will. Without a watchful regulator and a conscious operator, we know where all such initiatives eventually go in Karachi. South and out. Here’s hoping the Peoples’ Bus Service doesn’t.  The writer is a design researcher and strategist, working in urbanism, finance and education.  They can be reached via gulraiz.khan@gmail.com  Published in Dawn, EOS, July 17th, 2022  Email      25  The writer is a design researcher and strategist, and an urban enthusiast. He can be reached via Twitter @gulraizkhan  Gulraiz Khan Comments (25) Closed Syed Jul 17, 2022 12:27pm People need to be educated ticket receiver needs to be uniformed to see change itself bus stop need to be renovated strict rules busses need to be cleaned sanitised otherwise same old shape will happen need more buses strict monitoring need to be implemented because public is uneducated and unaware and more busses needed and roads banao plz and sewerage Recommend 0 Dr. Salaria, Aamir Ahmad Jul 17, 2022 12:44pm Joke of the century. Recommend 0 AndYou! Jul 17, 2022 12:53pm The management under qualified managers will be able to see through for some time. Otherwise, the corruption through high end low levels especially maintenance would see them parking for good. Can’t expect smooth and honest operational work. Recommend 0 Cye Jul 17, 2022 01:13pm Did you researched How much Commisson did ppp made out of this? Recommend 0 Citizen Jul 17, 2022 01:23pm Good initiative but needs public private partnership Recommend 0 Anonymouseee Jul 17, 2022 02:17pm We need metro trains running through the city, not buses. Recommend 0 Daanish Jul 17, 2022 04:05pm kick back system of PPP, never service public buses. unclean, garbage ridden buses and citizens Recommend 0 AZAM AKBAR Jul 17, 2022 04:24pm Bus service and under the most corrupt PPP? What a joke. Recommend 0 FKhan Jul 17, 2022 04:30pm Ik was right in saying it as jangla Bus and soon it will be like that Recommend 0 Haris Jul 17, 2022 04:49pm Could have summarised this gigantic article in 4-5 bullet points because the problem and solution are well documented and well known to everyone except PPP. Recommend 0 Munawar Ahmed Jul 17, 2022 05:05pm Until political rivalry on transport and minibus mafia are not eliminated, the transport reform will be defeated, as per experiences of metro bus, green bus etc. etc. Recommend 0 Ali S Jul 17, 2022 07:08pm I'll say the unsaid: the biggest difference between the Green line BRT or Lahore's buses and the Peoples Bus Service is that PPP is running this one. That automatically increases its chances of failure by 50x. Recommend 0 Henchi Jul 17, 2022 08:06pm Very clever to use red color on the bus so to camouflage red pan spits. Recommend 0 Fareed Jul 17, 2022 08:08pm Bad habits die hard. Recommend 0 Shiraz Jul 17, 2022 08:59pm Your article and the bits about conductors, maps, timing, etc, reminds me of downfall & eventual wrapping up of the eartwhile Karachi Transport Corporation (KTC). KTC was a very effective, economical & public friendly system. Running Italian Fiat buses, they used to be punctual, neat & clean, on time & convenient way of travelling during mid 70s until early 90s. With bad management, dishonest employees and being the first victim of unrest in Karachi, the service was eventually closed. Recommend 0 Honor Jul 17, 2022 09:14pm These new buses will meet the same fate as in the past. Tickets should be issued from ticketing machines and not by hand in which case either tickets are not given or half given and the other half given to someone else! 50% collection gone!! If Depot Managers are not honest the system will not last and substantial subsidy will be needed to keep it afloat. I should know. I was Chief Technical Officer in EPRTC, Dhaka and in charge of 2 units in KTC., Karachi. Strict accountability is needed. Recommend 0 Akram Jul 17, 2022 09:56pm the karachi public need to have a forum to hold their political leaders to account for such services. In 2022 you would expect a city like karachi to have a proper world class bus service. One more rule for the bus service perhaps might be no eating or drinking on board will take care of most of the rubbish. Recommend 0 Kaspar Jul 17, 2022 09:59pm What happened to KCR Revival? Recommend 0 Ahsan Siddiqui Jul 18, 2022 12:21am IMPORTANT: During the time of UTS busses once i was in a UTS-8 or 4, a mini deliberately rammed to the side of it. and then proceeded to start a fight with the crew on the basis of "Tum Log hamara amdanee cheen they ho". At another time they chased our UTS until our driver confronted the other driver while seated, they yelled out "Tum log hamara route sey hat jao". Basically the mini buses ran the UTS off the road. Any new bus service that starts must keep this in mind. otherwise; failure. Recommend 0 Nabi Jul 18, 2022 12:47am They should bring subways Recommend 0 WaliKhan Jul 18, 2022 03:30am Bus Conductor / Driver Cabin should be bullet proof, just in case. You know, a disgruntled passenger tries to hurt the poor driver, in case the bus does not stop at their door step. Recommend 0 Kursi Jul 18, 2022 05:17am In few months we will be back to dibba busses again. I hope not. Recommend 0 Farooq Jul 18, 2022 05:24am Our awam needs to take care and pride in our sytem Recommend 0 Syed Ali Jul 18, 2022 07:13am Before taking photos the buses should have been washed. Recommend 0 Syed Ali Jul 18, 2022 07:19am You can cut cost ,save some foreign exchange encourage industry by building large manufacturing and assembly plants in Lahore and Karachi to meet country transport needs. Recommend 0 Dawn Logo Dawn  Copyright © 2026  NewsKit Publishing Platform  0
__label__wiki 278e Robert Christgau: Album: Nirvana: Nevermind  Robert Christgau: Dean of American Rock Critics  Consumer Guide:   User's Guide   Grades 1990-   Grades 1969-89   And It Don't Stop Books:   Book Reports   Is It Still Good to Ya?   Going Into the City   Consumer Guide: 90s   Grown Up All Wrong   Consumer Guide: 80s   Consumer Guide: 70s   Any Old Way You Choose It   Don't Stop 'til You Get Enough Xgau Sez Writings:   And It Don't Stop   CG Columns   Rock&Roll& [new]   Rock&Roll& [old]   Music Essays   Music Reviews   Book Reviews   NAJP Blog   Playboy   Blender   Rolling Stone   Billboard   Video Reviews   Pazz & Jop   Recyclables   Newsprint   Lists   Miscellany Bibliography NPR Web Site:   Home   Site Map   Contact   What's New?     RSS Carola Dibbell:   Carola's Website   Archive CG Search: Google Search: Twitter: Follow @rxgau  Consumer Guide Album  Nirvana: Nevermind [DGC, 1991] After years of hair-flailing sludge that achieved occasional songform on singles no normal person ever heard, Seattle finally produces some proper postpunk, aptly described by resident genius Kurt Cobain: "Verse, chorus, verse, chorus, solo, bad solo." This is hard rock as the term was understood before metal moved in--the kind of loud, slovenly, tuneful music you think no one will ever work a change on again until the next time it happens, whereupon you wonder why there isn't loads more. It seems so simple. A 0
__label__wiki 8000 MICHELLE PFEIFFER, THE FACE _______ www.pfeiffertheface.com    Web  www.pfeiffertheface.com        Movies Info-Gallery The extensive collection of Stills, Posters, Promos and all the info about Michelle's Pfilmography. Visit the gallery »   Photoshoots & Covers Shoots sessions and magazine covers ordered by date, magazine and photographer. Visit the gallery »   Red Carpet Gallery A look around all Pfeiffer's life: premieres, parties and acts which Michelle has attended. Visit the gallery »   Press Corner Magazines, articles, interviews... Press of anywhere in the world to read and download. Visit the gallery »   Special Page: Walk Of Fame Star Michelle receives her Star at Hollywood Walk of Fame Access the page »   Aging Gracefully The debate whether or not Michelle Pfeiffer has had plastic surgery. By Tim (Xvaesthirxv) Access the page »  Main  Michelle  Career  Images  Articles  Media  Specials  Extras  Website  Internet  Pforums      Go Back | Refresh | Go Foward | Home        Fourteen Miss Perfection had begun - Miss "perfección" ha nacido  Michelle posing for the promotion of GREASE 2Michelle Pfeiffer was excited before the new challenge, her first important film, Grease 2. Everything was happening so quickly. Allan Carr produced with Robert Stigwood who had a longtime association with the Bee Gees. The group's younger brother Andy Gibb, who would later die of a drug overdose, was the image writers were given to pen their character around. Other contenders for the Michael Carrington role were Shaun Cassidy, David Cassidy's brother, Greg Evigan, who was then the star of the popular TV series BJ and the Bear, rock 'n' roller Rex Smith and singer Rick Springfield. It was Caulfield who was the casting wild card who trumped the others.  Rock star Pat Benatar, Andrea McCardle, who created the role of Annie on Broadway, Lisa Hartman, who was the 'very hot' star of television's Valley of the Dolls, and actress Kristy McNichol were all strong contenders to be the leader of the Pink Ladies. Pfeiffer was the female wild card. The casting interviews and screen tests went on for some months at a cost of around $150,000. Pfeiffer never even tested opposite Caulfield, but did so well working with Shaun Cassidy that she won the role. A role on which much of a $12 million budget was riding.  Maxwell Caulfield and Michelle Pfeiffer... not too chemistry during the filming of GREASE 2Allan Carr had his two stars. Typically, he announced that he had got them both for $100,000. Lorna Luft, Judy Garland's other daughter, was cast as the man-hungry blonde Paula Rebchuck in her film debut. And there was gimmick casting with one-time screen idol Tab Hunter and the bubbly, blonde Connie Stevens - both actors were sixties heart-throbs - cast as teachers at Rydell High.  Pat Birch had never directed a film before. 'I wanted to make Grease 2 more romantic than the first one and to celebrate greasers.' The problem was the promised dazzling charisma of her two leading players. 'I just knew the chemistry would be good between Maxwell and Michelle', predicted Birch before the film took a bath from the critics She tries to shrug off stories that Caulfield and Pfeiffer ended the film loathing each other. Caulfield, always the brash one, said, 'Michelle and I got along infamously.'  Maxell and Michelle as Mixhael Carrington and Stephany Zinone in a still of GREASE 2But during filming it was Pfeiffer who worked to make her first lead role work. She had a scene to do that did no directly involve Caulfield. But she felt it was necessary that he be on the sound stage while she was filming he scene. It helped her. The genesis of Miss Perfection had begun, Other actors on the film remember Caulfield being summoned from lunch and then returning to announce 'This time they had me sitting at the top of a fucking lad der. Michelle wanted me there. I wasn't even on camera'. Pfeiffer's intent was clearer later after she had proved such a perfectionist in film. She wanted to do her best work and true to her acting classes wanted the subject of he scene to be in her if not the camera's focus.  Pfeiffer posing during the promotion of GREASE 2There was little evidence of this determination when Pfeiffer, wearing-jeans and a white T-shirt and no make up, sat at a corner table at Gladstones 4 Fish restaurant, which sits smack on the Pacific Ocean where Sunset Boulevard dead-ends in the Pacific Coast Highway. It was the summer of 1982, and Grease 2 was about to appear on the world's cinema screens.  Pfeiffer - you wouldn't recognize her from her nineties' look - was pleasant, a little shy and wary. You wonder now if she was still shaky from her cult-devotee days. She ordered a salad -Gladstones do even the individual orders in such lavish style they could keep generations of rabbits - but only nibbled at it. The buzz words were all there. Grease 2 was part of a 'wonderful' year. She had married Peter Horton. She was 'happy' with her performance in the film and 'proud' of her work in it. She also said, 'I didn't let Grease 2 go to my head.'  Michelle in a interview on TV during the filming of the film  And then, in that early interview, she made comments that had much subtext:  'My character Stephanie is the first of her group to break away, to start to be independent. And in real life that's frightening. We laugh about it now, but everything is so serious at that age, like the end of the world ... I think that's why I became an actress. I was so dramatic. I felt everything to the extreme.'  Michelle Pfeiffer as Stephany Zinone in GREASE 2  She talked about the plot as though it were the ugly duckling turning into the swan. You have to think of her own life at that time as she said, 'Through the whole film Stephanie changes from being a tomboy kind of snot to a tough little brat. But in the end she turns into a young lady.' Allan Carr and Patricia Birch could have been typecasting without having any notion that they were doing so.  Credits: Picture #5 - Bond's Michelle Pfeiffer Web Page  chapter thirteen | chapter fifteen   Site Stats  Michelle Pfeiffer, The Face © Designed and Maintained by Fran J. González [contact] Madrid Spain. Host: The Fan-Sites Network Online since: June 2, 2002 yahoo personals contadores para web Arte sites  Besucherzahler russian women website counter    Pfeiffer Pfamily Gorgeous Pfeiffer Official Pfeiffer Admiration Location Elite Affiliates Brad Pitt | Simply Brad Claire Danes | Caire Danes Fan Diane Lane | I Heart Diane Elizabeth Perkins | Elizabeth Perkins Fan Hilary Swank | Hilary Swank Fan Julia Roberts | About Julia Madeleine Stowe | Madeleine Online Meg Ryan | Meg Ryan Network Meryl Streep | Simply Streep Natasha Richardson | Adoring Natasha Nicole Kidman | Nicole's Magic Penelope Cruz | Penelope Fan Reese Witherspoon | Glamour Reese Witherspoon Rene Russo | Rene Russo Fan Sarah Jessica Parker | Sarah Jessica Central Sharon Stone | Sharon Stone Europe Sienna Miller | Sienna Online Toni Collette | Toni Collette Online More Affliliates... Disclaimer  PfeifferTheFace is 100% unofficial. We are not in contact with Michelle Pfeiffer, her manager of her family. The site is pfan run, for the pfans. All original text and graphics belong to PfeifferTheFace, all pictures, articles, etc. are copyright to their original owners. This site is non-profit, and is in no way trying to infringe on the copyrights or businesses of any of the entities. Upcoming  Personal Effects Personal Effects (2008) Post–production Details | Images | Official Site  Cheri Cheri (2008) Filming Details | Images | Official Site Make a donation  This pfan-site needs your help to go on growing. Please, read the reasons why you should make a donation and the people who unselfishly are supporting this site, so you can be here, enjoying with us.  Why donate? | Who?  Remember the money collected will be exclusively to fund the site and all the new features.        Go Back | Refresh | Go Foward || Home || Go Top        Michelle | Home/News | NewsArchive | Extensive Biography | Quotes: She | Quotes: They | Awards | Filmography | Movies | Tv-Films | Tv-Series | Guest-Star | Video-Clips | Publicity | Box-Office Gallery | Movie Gallery | Photoshoots & Covers | Red Carpet | Magazines | Media | Videos | Wallpapers | Movie-Wallpapers | Avatars | Artwork | Specials | Walk of Fame | Forums Site Updates | Site Info | Layout & Subwebs | Awards | Internet | Affiliates | Disclaimer | Contact       Copyright © 2002-2008. PfeifferTheFace.com and PfeifferTheFace.Com/Pforum are owned and operated by Fran. All images © to their respectful owners. If you would like something removed please contact me before taking legal action. No copyright infrigement intended. eXTReMe Tracker   0
t intended. eXTReMe Tracker   0
__label__wiki 0
__label__wiki 0
__label__wiki 8000 Official Site of the Premier League - Barclays Premier League News, Fixtures and Results | System | Error Barclays Home > Error Premier League Home Arsenal Football Club Aston Villa Football Club Birmingham City Football Club Blackburn Rovers Football Club Bolton Wanderers Football Club Chelsea Football Club Derby County Football Club Everton Football Club Fulham Football Club Liverpool Football Club Manchester City Football Club Manchester United Football Club Middlesbrough Football Club Newcastle United Football Club Portsmouth Football Club Reading Football Club Sunderland Football Club Tottenham Hotspur Football Club West Ham United Football Club Wigan Athletic Football Club | Search  All pages     • Home   • Matchday   • Tickets   • News   • Statistics   • Games   • Features   • Premier League   • Photos   • TV   • Contact Us  Coming Soon...   Latest Headlines  Doyle signs for Wolves  Quinn backs tough pay plan  Milner pleased with progress  Germany win Under-21 final  Jacobsen joins Blackburn  Martinez tips Rodallega to shine  Skrtel backs new signing  Edwards commits to Wolves  McLeish sets sights on midfield  Alexander extends Clarets stay  News Archive >  Coming Soon...  This new section will appear shortly. Please check back later. Please note: Fixtures are subject to change. Reproduced under licence from Football DataCo Limited. All rights reserved. Licence no. NEWMEDIA/PREMLGEGE/FDCED0910/118839. Email: Send this article to a friend Print: Print this page Barclays Premier League Barclays Premier League Barclays Barclays Official Sponsor Barclays * Loans * Credit Cards * Mortgages Barclays - Official Title Sponsor Official Website Partners Budweiser Budweiser The New Football Pools The New Football Pools Wrigley's Extra Wrigley's Extra Community Initiative Creating Chances Community Initiative Abuse Likeaballs Abuse Home · Matchday · Tickets · News · Games · Features · Premier League · Photos · © 2002-2009 Premier League · Terms and Conditions · Privacy Policy 0
__label__wiki 008000 Looking after needs of players was key for Cork hurling legend Tough Barry Echo Live Logo   •    •    •    •    • Cork News     Cork Crime Cork Health Cork Education National News Politics Traffic/Transport Send us your news   • Cork Sport     Cork GAA Cork Soccer Cork Rugby Cork Basketball Cork Racing National Sport Other Sports   • Cork Lives     Nostalgia Echo130 Connect Local   • Cork Views   • Wow!   • Business   • Directory     Activities Arts & Entertainment Beauty & Fashion Charities Education & Training Health & Fitness Home & Garden / DIY Hotels & Hospitality Motors Pharmacies Recruitment Trades & Services   • Entertainment     What's On Showbiz National Entertainment   • MORE     Advertise with us Mini Marathon 2026 Find a House Find a Job Competitions Photosales Subscribe epaper Holly Bough Horoscopes Contact Us Cookie Policy Privacy Policy About Us Terms and Conditions Apps Echo podcast Echo Sport Podcast   •    •    •    • Cork News     Cork Crime Cork Health Cork Education National News Politics Traffic/Transport Send us your news   • Cork Sport     Cork GAA Cork Soccer Cork Rugby Cork Basketball Cork Racing National Sport Other Sports   • Cork Lives     Nostalgia Echo130 Connect Local   • Cork Views   • Wow!   • Business   • Directory     Activities Arts & Entertainment Beauty & Fashion Charities Education & Training Health & Fitness Home & Garden / DIY Hotels & Hospitality Motors Pharmacies Recruitment Trades & Services   • Entertainment     What's On Showbiz National Entertainment   • More     Advertise with us Mini Marathon 2026 Find a House Find a Job Competitions Photosales Subscribe epaper Holly Bough Horoscopes Contact Us Cookie Policy Privacy Policy About Us Terms and Conditions Apps Echo podcast Echo Sport Podcast   • news   • lives   • sport   • views Thu, 14 Jan, 2021 - 08:45  Looking after needs of players was key for Cork hurling legend Tough Barry  Despite not having a background in GAA, Barry led Rebels to glory Looking after needs of players was key for Cork hurling legend Tough Barry  William 'Bowler Walsh', Christy Ring and Jim 'Tough' Barry celebrate one of the four in a row All-Ireland wins for Cork hurlers in the 1940s        Dave Hannigan  DURING the build-up to the 1943 All-Ireland hurling final, newspaper reports suggested that Antrim, surprise victors over Kilkenny in the semis, had a secret weapon which they would employ to defeat Cork.  When he gathered his players around him for their first training session before the game, Jim 'Tough' Barry was unequivocal.  “Now we don’t know what the secret weapon is, but the only weapon we have is hurling, and fitness, and this is what we are going to produce.”  His confidence was well-founded.  Antrim were subsequently devoured by 5-16 to 0-4.  The victorious Cork All-Ireland team of 1943 with the late St Finbarr's legend Tom Mulcahy second from the right in the front row. Christy Ring is on his left, while on his right is Din Joe Buckley. Also in the picture are Mick Kennefick, Jim Tough Barry, Paddy O'Donovan, Con Murphy, Dr Jim Young and Willie Murphy. The victorious Cork All-Ireland team of 1943 with the late St Finbarr's legend Tom Mulcahy second from the right in the front row. Christy Ring is on his left, while on his right is Din Joe Buckley. Also in the picture are Mick Kennefick, Jim Tough Barry, Paddy O'Donovan, Con Murphy, Dr Jim Young and Willie Murphy.  The following year, Dublin provided the opposition, the last barrier to the historic four-in-a-row.  On the morning of the final, the journalist Carbery met Barry and found him relaxed and confident.  “My lads are good and very good — an obedient, honest lot of boys who did everything I told them. We’ll win alright.”  The final score was 2-13 to 1-2.  If anybody could judge when a team was ready, it was Barry.  Between 1926 and 1966, he trained 12 Cork teams to All-Ireland titles and co-trained another two.  After Cork were knocked out early in 1934, Limerick enlisted his services and they won an All-Ireland too.  “Jim was not a learned man, but he had a natural intelligence and he was a very practical psychologist,” said Eamonn Young, a member of the All-Ireland winning football team of 1945.  “He knew if there was anything wrong with you and that’s where his charitable disposition came into play.  “He radiated a benevolent personality. He loved people. I remember him saying to me, ‘I look on all of ye as my sons’.”  His record was all the more remarkable because here was a man with no inter-county pedigree of his own.  He hurled for Blackrock in his youth, but it was as a swimmer and an amateur boxer that he’d enjoyed his best days as an athlete.  You don’t have to be a greyhound to train greyhounds,” was his standard response to questions about his own lack of experience at the highest level.  A Washington Street tailor by profession, the always impeccably turned out Barry got involved with Cork in 1926 as an assistant to Packey Mahony.  When Mahony finished up three years later, Barry took over. Although never granted a formal say in the selection of teams, his opinions gained considerable weight over time.  The job specification may have been to get the players fit, but his interpretation of the role went way beyond those parameters.  “Not only did he not play but I also wouldn’t ascribe to Jim a very in-depth knowledge of all the aspects of hurling,” said Jack Lynch in an interview with Mick Dunne on RTÉ Radio.  “He had a tremendous ability to bring out the best in the team he was training. He used to do everything.  “When the training session started, he would go down to the Park to make sure the grass was cut. If it wasn’t he would kick up holy murder! He’d make sure the jerseys were washed and the towels were washed.  “After matches, win or lose, he’d always make sure that the team were sitting down to a good meal and he wouldn’t let anybody interfere.”  PLAYER WELFARE  To Barry, the welfare of his squad was paramount.  If a work situation was interfering with a player’s ability to train or prepare for a big game, he would visit the office or factory, most often seeking out the top man to plead the case of his charge.  An extremely generous individual, he’d dip into his own pocket regularly to help out anybody on the Cork scene who might have been short a few bob for whatever reason.  “He was a very sound judge of how to get a team right for the big day,” said former GAA President Con Murphy, a Cork hurler for 10 years under Barry.  “He wasn’t in the least tough, in the sense of being a hard taskmaster.  “The secret of his success was the way he managed to gain the affection and respect of the players under his charge.  “He’d know when a player had done enough and he’d tell them not to bother training that night. In the week of a match, we’d finish up with his talk to us on a Tuesday or Wednesday night and then he’d tell us not to catch the hurley again until Sunday.  “He always wanted us to keep our appetite fresh.”  During the 12-year famine after Cork’s All-Ireland win of 1954, Barry’s methods came under critical scrutiny from a public starved of success.  The most famous adage he contributed to GAA lore was the classic, 'Cork teams are like mushrooms, the come up overnight'.  In 1966, the hurlers came from nowhere to lift Liam McCarthy in the sweetest of triumphs. The old warhorse proved right again.  Read More  Leeside Legends: Jack Lynch loved hurling long after he left the game  more Cork GAA articles  Tipperary v Cork - Munster GAA Hurling Senior Championship Round 1 Cork captain Darragh Fitzgibbon to miss rest of Munster championship Mark Coleman scores a penalty 9/5/2026 Christy O'Connor on the impact black cards are having on hurling this summer Darragh Fitzgibbon and Bryan O'Mara in action 19/4/2026 John Horgan on hurling: Tipp against Clare could be the game of the season  More in this section  Cork draw with Limerick in last Munster round robin game Cork draw with Limerick in last Munster round robin game Dylan McGlade fires Cobh Ramblers back on track against Athlone Town  Dylan McGlade fires Cobh Ramblers back on track against Athlone Town  Cork Basketball: Neptune will lean on underage talent after appointing Adam Drummond as coach Cork Basketball: Neptune will lean on underage talent after appointing Adam Drummond as coach Cork GAALeeside Legends  Tipperary v Cork - Munster GAA Hurling Senior Championship Round 1  Cork captain Darragh Fitzgibbon to miss rest of Munster championship  READ NOW  Sponsored Content  City Tiles and Bathrooms: Latest trends and timeless colours City Tiles and Bathrooms: Latest trends and timeless colours Step into nature during National Biodiversity Week Step into nature during National Biodiversity Week 55 years of Cork Simon Soup Run: The light that has never gone out 55 years of Cork Simon Soup Run: The light that has never gone out  Evening Update  Keep up-to-date with the top stories in Cork with our daily newsletter straight to your inbox.  Please click here for our privacy statement.  Latest    • Cork captain Darragh Fitzgibbon to miss rest of Munster championship    • Cork draw with Limerick in last Munster round robin game    • Cork man accused of assault and criminal damage granted bail at High Court    • State spent €400,000 on hiring executive jets for Taoiseach  008000  Have you downloaded your FREE ie logo  App?  People holding phone with App  It's all about Cork!  Have you downloaded your FREE ie logo  App?  It's all about Cork!  Download Today  App Store LogoGoogle Play Logo ie logo  Cork Club Champioships  player title  Join Éamonn Murphy, Denis Hurley and Barry O'Mahony on the new season of The Echo Sport Podcast where they'll be analysing The Cork Club Championships.  ie logo  Listen     Subscribe toThe Echo - textePaper - text  Devices with Echo live  Sign up  Download your ePaper app on  App Store LogoGoogle Play Logo  National Sport    • Leinster score 11 tries in Ospreys rout to secure second place in the URC    • Man City celebrate FA Cup glory as Antoine Semenyo strike sees off Chelsea    • Celtic crush Hearts’ dreams as late win clinches fifth straight title    • Kate O'Connor enjoying staying busy after breakthrough 2025 FOLLOW ECHO Created with Sketch.Created with Sketch. Cork News   • Cork Crime   • Cork Health   • Cork Education   • National News   • Politics   • Traffic/Transport   • Send us your news   • Send a letter Cork Sport   • Cork GAA   • Cork Soccer   • Cork Rugby   • Cork Basketball   • Cork Racing   • National Sport   • Other Sports Cork Lives   • Nostalgia   • Wow! Cork Views Business   • Directory Entertainment   • What's On   • Showbiz   • National Entertainment   • Horoscopes   • Competitions  Follow Us    •    •  Services   • Advertise with us   • Mini Marathon 2026   • Find a House   • Find a Job   • Competitions   • Photosales Our Partners   • Irish Examiner   • Breaking News   • RecruitIreland.com Support   • Echo podcast   • Horoscopes   • Contact Us   • Cookie Policy   • Privacy Policy   • About Us   • Cookie settings   • Apps  Echo Live Logo  © Examiner Echo Group Limited, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. Registered in Ireland: 523712.  Contact Us Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions  © Examiner Echo Group Limited  Echo Live Logo  Add Echolive.ie to your home screen - easy access to Cork news, views, sport and more  0
__label__wiki 9391 Azerbaijan: Party of Democratic Reforms to hold session in Baku, Today.az (2008) —  Skip to content. | Skip to navigation    • Subscribe to the ACE Newsletter  Advanced Search…   • English   Home Encyclopaedia Comparative Data Electoral Materials Support and Advice Regions & Countries About ACE Personal tools   • Log in   • Practitioners' Network You are here: Home → Regions & Countries → Countries and Territories → Azerbaijan → News → Azerbaijan: Party of Democratic Reforms to hold session in Baku, Today.az (2008)   Practitioner Login     English   Subscribe to ACE Newsletter These topic pages provide a quick overview and easy access to all content that can be found on ACE for any give topic of interest - weather encyclopaedia files, electoral materials, comparative data, consolidated replies, case studies, or other.  ELECTORAL FRAMEWORK  Legal Framework Boundary Delimitation Electoral Systems  ELECTORAL PARTICIPATION  Gender and Elections Parties and Candidates Disability and Elections Media and Elections Civic and Voter Education Direct Democracy  ELECTORAL MANAGEMENT  Electoral Management Cost of Elections  ELECTORAL INTEGRITY  Electoral Integrity Campaign Finance Measuring Electoral Quality Election Observation Electoral Assistance  ELECTORAL OPERATIONS  Voter Registration Voting Operations Voter Identification Results Management Out of Country Voting Elections and Technology Elections and Security Countries Encyclopaedia Electoral Materials Comparative Data Election Calendar Observation Portal BRIDGE Extended Learning Latest Updates Ask the Experts Consolidated Replies Find An Expert Access ACE Practitioners' Workspace About ACE The History of ACE Contact ACE ACE Partners Practitioners' Network FAQ  Azerbaijan Azerbaijan    Info  Azerbaijan: Party of Democratic Reforms to hold session in Baku, Today.az (2008)  The session of the Party of Democratic Reforms, functioning in Azerbaijan, will be held on July 19, said spokesman for the party Ulkar Abdullayeva. One of the discussed questions will be the issue of the form of the party's participation in the upcoming presidential elections.  The link address is: http://www.today.az/news/politics/46422.html  Document Actions   • EISA - Promoting Credible Elections & Democratic Governance in Africa   • Elections Canada   • IFES   • International IDEA   • United Nations. Electoral Assistance Division (EAD)   • INE - Instituto Nacional Electoral   • United Nations Development Programme   • The Carter Center   • Contact   • Privacy Policy   • Terms of Use   • Accessibility   • Site Map   • Copyright and Disclaimer  © 1998-2026 ACE project  0
__label__wiki /2010/12/01/180850/world-mma-awards-2010-winners
__label__wiki Skip to main content SB NationSB Nation logo Come Fight With UsSunday, May 17, 2026 MMA Fighting homepageMMA FightingMMA Fighting Logo   • The Feed   • UFC   • MMA News   • Betting     • Online Sports Betting     • UFC Odds   • Podcasts   • Schedule     • Fight Schedule     • Fight Results   • Rankings   • Sections     • Results     • Boxing     • Bellator     • Videos   • Newsletters   • About Navigation Drawer   • Login     /     Sign Up   • VideoWatch   • PodcastListen   • In Five GamesPlay   • The Feed   • UFC   • MMA News     • Online Sports Betting     • UFC Odds   • Podcasts     • Fight Schedule     • Fight Results   • Rankings     • Results     • Boxing     • Bellator     • Videos   • Newsletters   • About   • Community Guidelines   • All communities   • Facebook   • Twitter   • Youtube   • RSS Community LogoMMA Fighting World MMA Awards 2010 Winners   • News  World MMA Awards 2010 Winners  by Bryan Tucker Dec 2, 2010, 3:00 AM UTC Bryan Tucker is the managing editor-in-chief of MMA Fighting and the executive director of combat sports at SB Nation. He has led MMA Fighting since 2009. Randy Couture will hose the World MMA Awards 2010.  LAS VEGAS – MMA Fighting will have World MMA Awards 2010 winners and results live tonight from The Pearl at The Palms Casino Resort. This is the third year for the awards program, which was created in 2008 by Fighters Only magazine. Nominees and eventual winners are determined by online fan voting in categories such as Fighter of the Year, Knockout of the Year and Breakthrough Fighter of the Year, as well as non-fight specific categories like Ring Girl of the Year and Most Memorable Ring Entrance. Last year’s winners included UFC president Dana White as Leading Man of the Year, Georges St-Pierre for Fighter of the Year and Brock Lesnar for Breakthrough Fighter of the Year. At the 2010 awards, MMA Fighting is nominated for Best Media Source, and MMA Fighting’s Ariel Helwani is up for MMA Journalist of the Year. This year’s show is being hosted by UFC Hall of Famer Randy Couture with co-host Molly Qerim from the Versus network. The awards will stream live at Versus.com starting at 10:30 p.m. Eastern on Wednesday. An edited one-hour highlights version of the show will air on Versus on Dec. 9 at 10 p.m. Eastern. MMA Fighting will update here throughout the night as the winners are announced, and we’ll have behind-the-scenes comments from the winners, as well. The show is a little late getting started, but should be underway soon. Lots of MMA celebrities – and mainstream celebs, too – on hand tonight at The Palms. Referee of the Year Herb Dean John McCarthy Dan Miragliotta Josh Rosenthal Mario Yamasaki WINNER: Herb Dean Herb thanks the best sport on earth and the best athletes on earth for his win. Best Technical Clothing Brand Bad Boy Hayabusa Jaco TapouT Venum WINNER: Bad Boy Best Technical Equipment Brand Everlast Fairtex Hayabusa TapouT Venum WINNER: Everlast Media Source of the Year Inside MMA MMA Fighting MMA Junkie MMA Weekly Sherdog WINNER: MMA Junkie Congrats to the folks at MMA Junkie. This is their third nomination and third win. Best Promotion Bellator DREAM Strikeforce UFC WEC WINNER: UFC Submission of the Year Fabricio Werdum vs. Fedor Emelianenko, Strikeforce: Fedor vs. Werdum Cole Miller vs. Dan Lauzon, UFC 108 Chris Leben vs. Yoshihiro Akiyama, UFC 116 Matt Hughes vs. Ricardo Almeida, UFC 117 Anderson Silva vs. Chael Sonnen, UFC 117 WINNER: Fabricio Werdum vs. Fedor Emelianenko, Strikeforce: Fedor vs. Werdum Gym of the Year American Kickboxing Academy American Top Team Black House Greg Jackson Wand Fight Team WINNER: Wand Fight Team MMA Journalist of the Year Conner Cordova, MMA Religion Gareth A. Davies, The Daily Telegraph Ariel Helwani, MMA Fighting John Morgan, MMA Junkie Aaron Teweles, Freelance Journalist WINNER: Ariel Helwani, MMA Fighting Well ... we’ll let bias come into play, just for a second. Obviously major congrats to MMA Fighting’s very own Ariel Helwani. Great speech, dedicating his win to all the fighters, as well as to the media outlets and bosses that help him pursue his dream of being an MMA journalist. Coach of the Year Rafael Cordeiro Cesar Gracie Greg Jackson Shawn Tompkins Firas Zahabi WINNER: Greg Jackson Best Lifestyle Clothing Brand Affliction FightChix RVCA Silver Star TapouT WINNER: TapouT International Fighter of the Year Shinya Aoki John Hathaway Dan Hardy Alistair Overeem George Sotiropoulos WINNER: Alistair Overeem Overeem is in Japan for K-1 and accepts his award via a pre-taped speech. Ring Girl of the Year Arianny Celeste Rachelle Leah Brittney Palmer Chandella Powell Natalie Skyy WINNER: Arianny Celeste Leading Man of the Year Scott Coker Bjorn Rebney Michael Schiavello Joe Silva Dana White WINNER: Dana White Dana White repeats in the category. No tux for him. He’s wearing the same thing he always wears. But I guess that’s allowed. Dana thanks the fans, naturally. Most Memorable Ring Entrance Clay Guida Muhammad “King Mo” Lawal Tom Lawlor Jason Miller Anderson Silva WINNER: Jason Miller The show behind the show: Miller was back here in the post-win media room snagging a free water and realized his category was up. He was walking out as he won the award and was late getting to the stage ... entrance winner, indeed. Fight of the Year Jorge Santiago vs. Kazuo Misaki, Sengoku 14 Chris Leben vs. Yoshihiro Akiyama, UFC 116 Brock Lesnar vs. Shane Carwin, UFC 116 Anderson Silva vs. Chael Sonnen, UFC 117 Chan Sung Jung vs. Leonard Garcia, WEC 48 WINNER: Anderson Silva vs. Chael Sonnen, UFC 117 Awkward timing that Silva and Sonnen get this award the day before Sonnen’s hearing for his performance enhancing drugs suspension. Silva accepts via a taped segment. Female Fighter of the Year Zoila Frausto Megumi Fujii Sarah Kaufman Cristiane Santos Miesha Tate WINNER: Cristiane Santos Knockout of the Year Cain Velasquez vs. Antonio Nogueira, UFC 110 Lyoto Machida vs. Mauricio Rua, UFC 113 Mike Russow vs. Todd Duffee, UFC 114 Rich Franklin vs. Chuck Liddell, UFC 115 Anthony Njokuani vs. Chris Horodecki, WEC 45 WINNER: Mauricio Rua over Lyoto Machida, UFC 113 Breakthrough Fighter of the Year Evan Dunham John Hathaway Jon Jones Charles Oliveira George Sotiropoulos WINNER: Jon Jones The Charles ‘Mask’ Lewis Fighter of the Year Jose Aldo Frankie Edgar Brock Lesnar Mauricio Rua Anderson Silva WINNER: Jose Aldo  See More:   • News  MMA Fighting  A daily roundup of UFC and MMA news and results  By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Advertiser Content From Sponsor Logo  This is the title for the native ad  Sponsor thumbnail  More in News  Thad Jean, Shamil Musaev square off for vacant PFL welterweight title on July 25 May 14 Thad Jean, Shamil Musaev square off for vacant PFL welterweight title on July 25 Yoel Romero vs. Hector Lombard set for Gamebred Bareknuckle MMA matchup Apr 11 Yoel Romero vs. Hector Lombard set for Gamebred Bareknuckle MMA matchup Gable Steveson trusts Jon Jones to lead him to the greatest heights in combat sports: ‘He knows best’ Apr 2 Gable Steveson trusts Jon Jones to lead him to the greatest heights in combat sports: ‘He knows best’ Video: Ronda Rousey and Gina Carano face off for the first time Mar 10 Video: Ronda Rousey and Gina Carano face off for the first time Anything but fighting: Ricky Turcios loves Dragon Ball Z, Full Metal Alchemist, More Mar 2 Anything but fighting: Ricky Turcios loves Dragon Ball Z, Full Metal Alchemist, More PFL CEO addresses potential superfight between Dakota Ditcheva and Cris Cyborg Feb 19 PFL CEO addresses potential superfight between Dakota Ditcheva and Cris Cyborg NewsMay 14 Thad Jean, Shamil Musaev square off for vacant PFL welterweight title on July 25Thad Jean, Shamil Musaev square off for vacant PFL welterweight title on July 25 NewsMay 14 Thad Jean, Shamil Musaev square off for vacant PFL welterweight title on July 25  The PFL announced that Thad Jean takes on Shamil Musaev for the vacant PFL welterweight title this summer  By Jed Meshew Latest NewsApr 11 Yoel Romero vs. Hector Lombard set for Gamebred Bareknuckle MMA matchupYoel Romero vs. Hector Lombard set for Gamebred Bareknuckle MMA matchup Latest NewsApr 11 Yoel Romero vs. Hector Lombard set for Gamebred Bareknuckle MMA matchup  Jorge Masvidal announced that Yoel Romero will face Hector Lombard in a bare-knuckle MMA fight in May.  By Mike Heck UFCApr 2 Gable Steveson trusts Jon Jones to lead him to the greatest heights in combat sports: ‘He knows best’Gable Steveson trusts Jon Jones to lead him to the greatest heights in combat sports: ‘He knows best’ UFCApr 2 Gable Steveson trusts Jon Jones to lead him to the greatest heights in combat sports: ‘He knows best’  Gable Steveson helped Jon Jones get ready for Stipe Miocic and now counts him as a friend and coach  By Damon Martin NewsMar 10 Video: Ronda Rousey and Gina Carano face off for the first timeVideo: Ronda Rousey and Gina Carano face off for the first time NewsMar 10 Video: Ronda Rousey and Gina Carano face off for the first time  Ronda Rousey and Gina Carano will fight on May 16 in MMA  By Jed Meshew VideosMar 2 Anything but fighting: Ricky Turcios loves Dragon Ball Z, Full Metal Alchemist, MoreAnything but fighting: Ricky Turcios loves Dragon Ball Z, Full Metal Alchemist, More VideosMar 2 Anything but fighting: Ricky Turcios loves Dragon Ball Z, Full Metal Alchemist, More  Ahead of UFC 326, Ricky Turcios joins MMA Fighting’s José Youngs to discuss his love for anime, Dragon Ball Z, Full Metal Alchemist, and more.  By Joseph Youngs and José Youngs PFLFeb 19 PFL CEO addresses potential superfight between Dakota Ditcheva and Cris CyborgPFL CEO addresses potential superfight between Dakota Ditcheva and Cris Cyborg PFLFeb 19 PFL CEO addresses potential superfight between Dakota Ditcheva and Cris Cyborg  Dakota Ditcheva is recovering from a hand injury that prevented her from fighting at PFL Dubai  By Damon Martin Advertiser Content From Sponsor Logo  This is the title for the native ad  The Latest  53 minutes ago Reaction: Dana White announces Conor McGregor vs. Max Holloway 2 during MVP MMA card﻿Podcast Two hours ago ‘Glad I didn’t have to pay for that’: Pros react to Ronda Rousey’s anticlimactic win over Gina Carano at MVP MMA Two hours ago Ronda Rousey needs just 17 seconds to tap out Gina Carano with signature armbar submission Two hours ago Ronda Rousey vs. Gina Carano full fight video highlights Two hours ago Ronda Rousey vs. Gina Carano MVP MMA live blog Two hours ago Rousey vs. Carano salaries: Ronda Rousey, Gina Carano and Francis Ngannou earn 7-figure paydays MMA Fighting: UFC, Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) News, Results Logo   • Facebook   • Twitter   • Youtube   • RSS   • The Feed   • Masthead   • Community Guidelines   • Facebook   • Twitter   • YouTube   • Contact   • Have a news tip?   • Browse Communities   • SB Nation Staff   • Job Opportunities   • Editorial Ethics & Guidelines   • DMCA Policy   • Privacy Policy   • Terms of Use   • Cookie Policy   • Licensing   • Accessibility   • Platform Status  © 2026 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved  Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
v square off for vacant PFL welterweight title on July 25Thad Jean, Shamil Musaev square off for vacant PFL welterweight title on July 25 NewsMay 14 Thad Jean, Shamil Musaev square off for vacant PFL welterweight title on July 25  The PFL announced that Thad Jean takes on Shamil Musaev for the vacant PFL welterweight title this summer  By Jed Meshew Latest NewsApr 11 Yoel Romero vs. Hector Lombard set for Gamebred Bareknuckle MMA matchupYoel Romero vs. Hector Lombard set for Gamebred Bareknuckle MMA matchup Latest NewsApr 11 Yoel Romero vs. Hector Lombard set for Gamebred Bareknuckle MMA matchup  Jorge Masvidal announced that Yoel Romero will face Hector Lombard in a bare-knuckle MMA fight in May.  By Mike Heck UFCApr 2 Gable Steveson trusts Jon Jones to lead him to the greatest heights in combat sports: ‘He knows best’Gable Steveson trusts Jon Jones to lead him to the greatest heights in combat sports: ‘He knows best’ UFCApr 2 Gable Steveson trusts Jon Jones to lead him to the greatest heights in combat sports: ‘He knows best’  Gable Steveson helped Jon Jones get ready for Stipe Miocic and now counts him as a friend and coach  By Damon Martin NewsMar 10 Video: Ronda Rousey and Gina Carano face off for the first timeVideo: Ronda Rousey and Gina Carano face off for the first time NewsMar 10 Video: Ronda Rousey and Gina Carano face off for the first time  Ronda Rousey and Gina Carano will fight on May 16 in MMA  By Jed Meshew VideosMar 2 Anything but fighting: Ricky Turcios loves Dragon Ball Z, Full Metal Alchemist, MoreAnything but fighting: Ricky Turcios loves Dragon Ball Z, Full Metal Alchemist, More VideosMar 2 Anything but fighting: Ricky Turcios loves Dragon Ball Z, Full Metal Alchemist, More  Ahead of UFC 326, Ricky Turcios joins MMA Fighting’s José Youngs to discuss his love for anime, Dragon Ball Z, Full Metal Alchemist, and more.  By Joseph Youngs and José Youngs PFLFeb 19 PFL CEO addresses potential superfight between Dakota Ditcheva and Cris CyborgPFL CEO addresses potential superfight between Dakota Ditcheva and Cris Cyborg PFLFeb 19 PFL CEO addresses potential superfight between Dakota Ditcheva and Cris Cyborg  Dakota Ditcheva is recovering from a hand injury that prevented her from fighting at PFL Dubai  By Damon Martin Advertiser Content From Sponsor Logo  This is the title for the native ad  The Latest  53 minutes ago Reaction: Dana White announces Conor McGregor vs. Max Holloway 2 during MVP MMA card﻿Podcast Two hours ago ‘Glad I didn’t have to pay for that’: Pros react to Ronda Rousey’s anticlimactic win over Gina Carano at MVP MMA Two hours ago Ronda Rousey needs just 17 seconds to tap out Gina Carano with signature armbar submission Two hours ago Ronda Rousey vs. Gina Carano full fight video highlights Two hours ago Ronda Rousey vs. Gina Carano MVP MMA live blog Two hours ago Rousey vs. Carano salaries: Ronda Rousey, Gina Carano and Francis Ngannou earn 7-figure paydays MMA Fighting: UFC, Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) News, Results Logo   • Facebook   • Twitter   • Youtube   • RSS   • The Feed   • Masthead   • Community Guidelines   • Facebook   • Twitter   • YouTube   • Contact   • Have a news tip?   • Browse Communities   • SB Nation Staff   • Job Opportunities   • Editorial Ethics & Guidelines   • DMCA Policy   • Privacy Policy   • Terms of Use   • Cookie Policy   • Licensing   • Accessibility   • Platform Status  © 2026 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved  Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
__label__wiki 301 Moved Permanently  nginx/1.22.1
__label__wiki Access Restricted  We're unable to allow access to this page at this time. If you believe this is an error, please try again later or contact support. {RM:000}
__label__wiki 4430 The Edward German discography  The Edward German discography    • Home   • Operas by Edward German   • Orchestral works by Edward German   • individual-songs   BBC Concert Orchestra John Wilson (conductor)  Recorded at Air Studios, Hampstead, London, 13-15 June 2011  The celebrated conductor John Wilson returns to Dutton Epoch with the BBC Concert Orchestra to conduct a third programme of orchestral music by Edward German, most of the material played being either world premiere recordings or first digital recordings. This is repertoire on the stylistic cusp between light music and symphonic fare, and all of it informed by German’s characteristic lyricism and orchestral flair. The programme is focused on theatre music – the music with which German came to fame – and includes extended suites from Shakespeare’s Much Ado and Henry VIII, and shorter extracts from The Tempter and Romeo and Juliet. The Marche Solennelle of 1890 and the 1911 Coronation March and Hymn complete the programme. Delightful stuff, and essential not only for the many collectors who bought Volumes 1 & 2 in this series, but also for those wanting to explore this composer’s engaging music. Here, John Wilson and the BBC Concert Orchestra are in their element.  Track Listing  Much Ado about Nothing – Incidental music (1898) i. Overture* ii. In Leonato’s Garden – Arranged by Stanford Robinson iii. Dogberry – Arranged by Stanford Robinson iv. Bourrée v. Gigue  The Tempter – Incidental music (1893) i. Berceuse ii. Bacchanalian Dance  Marche Solennelle (Funeral March in D minor) (1890) - world premiere recording Orchestration reconstructed by David Russell Hulme  Henry VIII – Incidental music (1892) i. Overture ii. Prelude Act 2 (‘Intermezzo funèbre’) iii. Prelude Act 3 Three Dances: iv. Morris Dance v. Shepherds’ Dance vi. Torch Dance  Romeo and Juliet – Incidental music (1895): Dramatic Interlude  Coronation March and Hymn (1911)   Issue History  2012     CDLX 7285  This recording is available on compact disc and iTunes.    Make a Free Website with Yola. 0
__label__wiki Moved Permanently  The document has moved here.
__label__wiki AllAfrica English (current) En Français   • Toggle navigation   • My Account Toggle navigation AllAfrica My Account English (current) En Français  Zambia: Clever Silavwe Fired  24 October 2006 The Times of Zambia (Ndola)  PRESIDENT Levy Mwanawasa has with immediate effect terminated the services of Northern Province Minister Clever Silavwe.  The decision to terminate Mr Silavwe's appointment has been done in the national interest. He was re-appointed two weeks ago at the first Press conference by the President since his re-election.  ...  AllAfrica Subscription Content  You must be an allAfrica.com subscriber for full access to certain content.  You have selected an article from the AllAfrica archive, which requires a subscription. You can subscribe by visiting our subscription page. Or for more information about becoming a subscriber, you can read our subscription and contribution overview.  For information about our premium subscription services:   • Individuals   • Educational Institutions   • Global Institutions and Corporations  You can also freely access - without a subscription - hundreds of today's top Africa stories and thousands of recent news articles from our home page »  Already a subscriber? Sign in for full access to article  Sign In Forgot your password? Having trouble logging in? Contact Us.  Tagged:   • Zambia   • Southern Africa Copyright © 2006 The Times of Zambia. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media (allAfrica.com). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections — or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here.  AllAfrica publishes around 600 reports a day from more than 90 news organizations and over 500 other institutions and individuals, representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct.  Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica. To address comments or complaints, please Contact us.  AllAfrica is a voice of, by and about Africa - aggregating, producing and distributing 600 news and information items daily from over 90 African news organizations and our own reporters to an African and global public. We operate from Cape Town, Dakar, Abuja, Johannesburg, Nairobi and Washington DC.    • Support our work   • Sign up for our newsletter   • For Advertisers   • Subscribe Get it on Google Play Download on the App Store   • © 2026 AllAfrica   • Privacy Policy   • Contact Us   • About Us AllAfrica - All the Time  Sign up for free AllAfrica Newsletters  Get the latest in African news delivered straight to your inbox  By submitting above, you agree to our privacy policy.  Success!  Almost finished...  We need to confirm your email address.  To complete the process, please follow the instructions in the email we just sent you.  Error!  Error!  There was a problem processing your submission. Please try again later.
__label__wiki 301 Moved Permanently  nginx
__label__wiki 1A84 Justin Timberlake And Jay-Z Confirm 'Legends Of The Summer' 2013 Stadium Tour? - Capital     Skip to content     skip to navigation      Capital      Listen      On Air Now      Lydia Rodford 5am - 9am      Lydia Rodford      Now Playing      Think About Us Sonny Fodera, D.O.D & Poppy Baskcomb Download 'Think About Us' on iTunes      Think About Us artwork     • Last Played Songs     • Schedule     • Home     • Choose your location     • Radio     • News     • Artists     • Charity     • Store     • TV & Film     • Music     • Celebrity     • Capital Buzz     • Internet     • Events     • Win     • Follow us on:       Follow Capital on Facebook       Follow Capital on Instagram       Follow Capital on Youtube      Artists      Justin Timberlake      • Justin Timberlake Home     • News     • Photos     • Videos     • Music     • More Artists      Justin Timberlake And Jay-Z Confirm 'Legends Of The Summer' 2013 Stadium Tour?      22 February 2013, 14:23      Facebook share      The 'SexyBack' singer and the rapper will apparently head out on a 12-date jaunt across a series of US cities.      Justin Timberlake and Jay-Z have reportedly teased details of an apparent joint summer tour for 2013.      Rumours of a stadium outing between the two stars have been rife for weeks with the rapper taking to his Life + Times blog to post a series of venues tagged with the note #LegendsOfSummer this week.      If confirmed, the pair will play 12 dates across the US this summer including the famous New York Yankee Stadium and Fenway Park in Boston.      No dates or further countries have been teased as of yet – with fans on Twitter anticipating an imminent announcement confirming the reports soon.      It was also recently announced that the pair will co-headline this summer's Wireless Festival at the Olympic Park in London.       Check out a full list of the teased tour venues below:      Yankee Stadium, Bronx, New York     Hershey Park Stadium, Hershey, Pennsylvania     Citizen Bank Park, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania     M&T Bank Stadium, Baltimore, Maryland     Soldier Field, Chicago, Illinois     Ford Field, Detroit, Michigan     Rose Bowl Stadium, Pasadena, California     Candlestick Park, San Francisco, California     Sun Life Stadium, Miami, Florida     Fenway Park, Boston, Massachusetts     BC Place Stadium, Vancouver, Canada     Rogers Center, Toronto, Canada      Meanwhile, Justin performed his new song 'Mirrors' for the first time at the BRIT Awards 2013 this week as well as his own headline show at The Forum in Kentish Town.      Facebook share      Justin Timberlake Music      See more Justin Timberlake Music      Like I Love You artwork     Like I Love You     Justin Timberlake     Download on 2B40 iTunes     Signs artwork     Signs     Snoop Dogg / Justin Timberlake     Like I Love You artwork     Like I Love You     Justin Timberlake     SexyBack artwork     SexyBack     Justin Timberlake     Download 'SexyBack' on iTunes      Justin Timberlake News      See more Justin Timberlake News      Hailey Bieber responds to hate with sweet comment      Hailey Bieber responds to hate with sweet comment      News      Justin Timberlake Videos      See more Justin Timberlake Videos      Hailey Bieber's dad says Jack Blues in 'unbelievably cute'      Hailey Bieber's Dad Reveals When Baby Jack Blues Bieber Will Make His First Public Appearance      News      Justin Timberlake Pictures      See more Justin Timberlake Pictures      Justin Timberlake at the Summertime Ball 2013      Justin Timberlake At The Summertime Ball 2013 - Pictures      Back to top      Also on Capital FM      • Love Island     • MAFS Australia     • Taylor Swift     • Competition Terms and Conditions     • Capital Breakfast with Jordan North, Chris Stark and Sian Welby     • Capital Dance     • Capital Anthems     • Capital Buzz     • Bridgerton     • Podcasts     • Topics     • New Music     • Married at First Sight UK     • Listen to Global Player     • How to listen to Capital Chill     • Global Academy     • Netflix     • One Direction     • Harry Styles     • Capital Playlist      Useful Links      • Contact Us     • Help     • How To Listen     • Company Details     • Cookies     • Public File     • Privacy     • Terms & Conditions     • Advertise     • Global Careers     • Smooth Spins Casino     • Heart Bingo      Download the app      Get it on the app store Get it on Google Play      Follow Us      Follow Capital on Facebook     Follow Capital on Instagram     Follow Capital on Youtube     © Global 2026     30 Leicester Square, London, WC2H 7LA     Privacy Manager     0
__label__wiki 301 Moved Permanently  openresty
__label__wiki 0000C000 404 Page Not Found Skip to Main Content Weather in - Current -Mostly Sunny TonightLow -Mostly Sunny TomorrowHigh -Mostly Sunny  Page Not Found    • News     • Central Pa. News     • Crime     • Business     • Special Projects     • Pa. Politics     • Education     • Health     • Marijuana     • Inflation     • Data     • Black-owned Businesses     • Nation & World News   • Weather     • Weather News     • Weather Alerts   • PennLive in Translation   • True Crime Pa.   • PennLive Podcasts   • Penn State Football     • Penn State Schedule     • Latest on the Lions     • Recruiting     • Videos     • PSU Reporters       • Bob Flounders       • Dustin Hockensmith       • Johnny McGonigal       • Max Ralph   • High School Sports     • Cross Country     • Field Hockey     • High School Football     • Golf     • Boys Soccer     • Girls Soccer     • Boys Tennis     • Girls Tennis     • Boys Volleyball     • Girls Volleyball     • Boys Basketball     • Girls Basketball     • Boys Wrestling     • Girls Wrestling     • Ice Hockey     • Swimming & Diving     • Baseball     • Boys Lacrosse     • Girls Lacrosse     • Softball     • Track & Field   • Sports     • Penn State Football     • Penn State Men's Basketball     • Penn State Wrestling     • Penn State Sports     • High School Sports     • Penn State Recruiting     • Betting     • Pittsburgh Steelers       • Steelers Schedule     • Philadelphia Eagles     • Baltimore Ravens     • Philadelphia Phillies   • Public Notices   • Sports Betting     • PA Sportsbooks       • bet365       • BetMGM       • BetRivers       • Caesars       • DraftKings       • Fanatics       • FanDuel     • Best Sportsbook Promos     • Betting Guides       • Moneyline Betting       • Odds Explained       • Point Spread Betting   • Online Casinos     • PA Online Casinos     • FanDuel     • DraftKings     • Caesars Palace     • BetMGM     • BetRivers     • Golden Nugget   • Sweepstakes Casinos     • Best Sweepstakes Casinos     • McLuck     • Crown Coins   • Obituaries   • Food & Dining   • Life & Culture     • Advice Columns     • Entertainment     • Outdoors     • Cool Spaces     • Gardening     • Proms     • Country Music     • WWE News and Rumors   • Shopping, Tips & Deals   • TV & Streaming   • Live Entertainment Tickets   • Live Sports Tickets   • Puzzles and Comics   • Opinion   • Email Newsletters   • Community Partners     • UPMC   • Real Estate   • Classifieds     • Homes For Sale     • For Rent     • Pets     • For Sale     • Garage Sales     • Celebrations     • Fraud prevention     • Place an Ad   • Autos   • Jobs   • Mobile Apps   • Connect With Us     • Our Staff     • Subscribe     • Contact Us     • Facebook     • Twitter     • YouTube     • Instagram     • Place an Obituary     • Place An Ad   • Newspapers.com Archive  Footer Navigation  Visit the PennLive home page About Us   • Contact Us   • Send Us a News Tip   • PA Media Group   • The Patriot-News   • Advertise with Us   • Career Opportunities   • PennLive   • Community Rules   • Accessibility Statement Subscriptions   • PennLive   • The Patriot-News   • Newsletters Already a Subscriber   • Manage your Subscription   • Place a Vacation Hold   • Make a Payment   • Delivery Feedback PennLive Sections   • Business   • Obituaries   • Jobs   • Autos   • Real Estate   • Rentals   • Classifieds   • Home   • News   • Sports   • PSU Football   • High School Sports   • Betting   • Entertainment   • Pa. Life & Culture   • Pa. Food & Dining   • Opinion Mobile Apps   • iPhone, Android Apps   • Tablet Apps More on PennLive   • Weather News   • Newspapers.com Archive   • Post a Job   • Post a Classified Ad   • Sell your Car   • Sell/Rent your Home   • Sponsor Content   • Community Partners Follow Us   • X   • Facebook   • Instagram   • RSS   • Privacy Policy   • |User Agreement   • |Ad Choices iconAd Choices  Disclaimer  Advance Local logo  Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2026).  © 2026 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.  Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.  YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.  Ad Choices iconAd Choices  00000000
__label__wiki Redirecting...  You should be redirected automatically to target URL: /save/_embed/https://www.officialcharts.com/search/It%27s%20Been%20Nice/?artists=0&amp. If not click the link.
__label__wiki 22853 Wayback Machine  Ask the publishers to restore access to 500,000+ books.  Internet Archive logo A line drawing of the Internet Archive headquarters building façade. Web icon An illustration of a computer application window Wayback Machine Texts icon An illustration of an open book. Texts Video icon An illustration of two cells of a film strip. Video Audio icon An illustration of an audio speaker. Audio Software icon An illustration of a 3.5" floppy disk. Software Images icon An illustration of two photographs. Images Donate icon An illustration of a heart shape Donate Ellipses icon An illustration of text ellipses. More Donate icon An illustration of a heart shape "Donate to the archive" Sign up | Log in Upload icon An illustration of a horizontal line over an up pointing arrow. Upload  Internet Archive Audio  Live Music Archive Librivox Free Audio  Featured    • All Audio   • Grateful Dead   • Netlabels   • Old Time Radio   • 78 RPMs and Cylinder Recordings  Top    • Audio Books & Poetry   • Computers, Technology and Science   • Music, Arts & Culture   • News & Public Affairs   • Spirituality & Religion   • Podcasts   • Radio News Archive  Images  Metropolitan Museum Cleveland Museum of Art  Featured    • All Images   • Flickr Commons   • Occupy Wall Street Flickr   • Cover Art   • USGS Maps  Top    • NASA Images   • Solar System Collection   • Ames Research Center  Software  Internet Arcade Console Living Room  Featured    • All Software   • Old School Emulation   • MS-DOS Games   • Historical Software   • Classic PC Games   • Software Library  Top    • Kodi Archive and Support File   • Vintage Software   • APK   • MS-DOS   • CD-ROM Software   • CD-ROM Software Library   • Software Sites   • Tucows Software Library   • Shareware CD-ROMs   • Software Capsules Compilation   • CD-ROM Images   • ZX Spectrum   • DOOM Level CD  Texts  Open Library American Libraries  Featured    • All Texts   • Smithsonian Libraries   • FEDLINK (US)   • Genealogy   • Lincoln Collection  Top    • American Libraries   • Canadian Libraries   • Universal Library   • Project Gutenberg   • Children's Library   • Biodiversity Heritage Library   • Books by Language   • Folkscanomy   • Government Documents  Video  TV News Understanding 9/11  Featured    • All Video   • Prelinger Archives   • Democracy Now!   • Occupy Wall Street   • TV NSA Clip Library  Top    • Animation & Cartoons   • Arts & Music   • Computers & Technology   • Cultural & Academic Films   • Ephemeral Films   • Movies   • News & Public Affairs   • Spirituality & Religion   • Sports Videos   • Television   • Videogame Videos   • Vlogs   • Youth Media  Search the history of more than 1 trillion web pages.  Search icon An illustration of a magnifying glass.  Mobile Apps    • Wayback Machine (iOS)   • Wayback Machine (Android)  Browser Extensions    • Chrome   • Firefox   • Safari   • Edge  Archive-It Subscription    • Explore the Collections   • Learn More   • Build Collections  Save Page Now  Capture a web page as it appears now for use as a trusted citation in the future.  Please enter a valid web address   • About   • Blog   • Events   • Projects   • Help   • Donate   • Contact   • Jobs   • Volunteer   • Sign up for free   • Log in   • About   • Blog   • Events   • Projects   • Help   • Donate Donate icon An illustration of a heart shape   • Contact   • Jobs   • Volunteer DONATE  Sorry  You have already reached the limit of active Save Page Now sessions. Please wait for a minute and then try again.  Return to Save Page Now  The Wayback Machine is an initiative of the Internet Archive, a 501(c)(3) non-profit, building a digital library of Internet sites and other cultural artifacts in digital form. Other projects include Open Library & archive-it.org.  Your use of the Wayback Machine is subject to the Internet Archive's Terms of Use.  0
adio   • 78 RPMs and Cylinder Recordings  Top    • Audio Books & Poetry   • Computers, Technology and Science   • Music, Arts & Culture   • News & Public Affairs   • Spirituality & Religion   • Podcasts   • Radio News Archive  Images  Metropolitan Museum Cleveland Museum of Art  Featured    • All Images   • Flickr Commons   • Occupy Wall Street Flickr   • Cover Art   • USGS Maps  Top    • NASA Images   • Solar System Collection   • Ames Research Center  Software  Internet Arcade Console Living Room  Featured    • All Software   • Old School Emulation   • MS-DOS Games   • Historical Software   • Classic PC Games   • Software Library  Top    • Kodi Archive and Support File   • Vintage Software   • APK   • MS-DOS   • CD-ROM Software   • CD-ROM Software Library   • Software Sites   • Tucows Software Library   • Shareware CD-ROMs   • Software Capsules Compilation   • CD-ROM Images   • ZX Spectrum   • DOOM Level CD  Texts  Open Library American Libraries  Featured    • All Texts   • Smithsonian Libraries   • FEDLINK (US)   • Genealogy   • Lincoln Collection  Top    • American Libraries   • Canadian Libraries   • Universal Library   • Project Gutenberg   • Children's Library   • Biodiversity Heritage Library   • Books by Language   • Folkscanomy   • Government Documents  Video  TV News Understanding 9/11  Featured    • All Video   • Prelinger Archives   • Democracy Now!   • Occupy Wall Street   • TV NSA Clip Library  Top    • Animation & Cartoons   • Arts & Music   • Computers & Technology   • Cultural & Academic Films   • Ephemeral Films   • Movies   • News & Public Affairs   • Spirituality & Religion   • Sports Videos   • Television   • Videogame Videos   • Vlogs   • Youth Media  Search the history of more than 1 trillion web pages.  Search icon An illustration of a magnifying glass.  Mobile Apps    • Wayback Machine (iOS)   • Wayback Machine (Android)  Browser Extensions    • Chrome   • Firefox   • Safari   • Edge  Archive-It Subscription    • Explore the Collections   • Learn More   • Build Collections  Save Page Now  Capture a web page as it appears now for use as a trusted citation in the future.  Please enter a valid web address   • About   • Blog   • Events   • Projects   • Help   • Donate   • Contact   • Jobs   • Volunteer   • Sign up for free   • Log in   • About   • Blog   • Events   • Projects   • Help   • Donate Donate icon An illustration of a heart shape   • Contact   • Jobs   • Volunteer DONATE  Sorry  You have already reached the limit of active Save Page Now sessions. Please wait for a minute and then try again.  Return to Save Page Now  The Wayback Machine is an initiative of the Internet Archive, a 501(c)(3) non-profit, building a digital library of Internet sites and other cultural artifacts in digital form. Other projects include Open Library & archive-it.org.  Your use of the Wayback Machine is subject to the Internet Archive's Terms of Use.  0
__label__wiki bc1    Under Construction    Copyright � 2008 All Rights Reserved - yemenna.com 0
__label__wiki 301 Moved Permanently  CloudFront
__label__wiki Skip to contentToday's paper Newsday Long IslandSportsNewsRestaurantsOpinionBusinessThings to DoSchoolsObituariesNewsday TVSearch  The page you requested is not available.  The page you are looking for might have been removed, had its name changed, or is temporarily unavailable.  Please try the following:    • If you typed the page address in the Address bar, make sure that it is spelled correctly.   • Open the www.newsday.com home page and look for links to the information you want.   • Use the navigation bar on the top to find the link you are looking for.   • Click the Back button to try another link.   • Enter a term in the search to look for information on newsday sites or the Internet.   • Please contact us to report a bad link or technical issue.  Stay logged in.  The Newsday app makes it easier to access content without having to log in.  in the app Didn't find what you were looking for?  Quick Links  About UsSubscribeToday's paperEmail newslettersNewsday LiveCareersManage my accountMobile & TV appsContestsArchives  Advertising  Media KitBrand 360Newsday ProductionsNewsday ConnectClassifiedsPublic Notices  News  Long IslandSportsOpinionPoliticsNewsBusinessTownsHigh school sports  Featured  FunbookObituariesCrosswordsThings to DoEntertainmentRestaurantsFamilyTravelNextLI  Terms of service | Subscription terms | Privacy Policy | California Privacy Rights | About Us | Contact Newsday | Reprints & permissions | Advertise with Newsday | Help | AI policy |  Your Privacy Choices  Copyright ©2026 Newsday. All rights reserved.
__label__wiki 8000 Diehard GameFAN | Tabletop Review: Spelljammer: Adventures in Space (Advanced Dungeons & Dragons, Second Edition) Movies TV Comics Wrestling Games MMA/Boxing Figures Tabletop Review: Spelljammer: Adventures in Space (Advanced Dungeons & Dragons, Second Edition) by Alex Lucard on March 7, 2014 Tweet  Spelljammer: Adventures in Space (Advanced Dungeons & Dragons 2nd Edition) Publisher: Wizards of the Coast Page Count: 248 Pages across two books Cost: $9.99 Release Date: 03/04/2014 (Originally 1989) Get it Here: DNDClassics.com  Wow. I can’t express how happy I am to have the Spelljammer: Adventures in Space boxed set once again available to the public. Sure it’s in PDF form instead of in a fun box, but you can’t lose the maps and ship handouts with a digital copy like twelve year old me did with the physical version. Spelljammer is just such a fun and fantastic idea and along with Planescape and Ravenloft, it remains one of my three big campaign settings for Advanced Dungeons & Dragons and is a big part of why 2e is my favorite version of D&D.  Spelljammer somehow manages to change everything you know about D&D while still holding true to the mechanics and core ideas of the game. Through it, you can have a wonderful blend of sci-fi filtered through a high fantasy lens along with the ability to travel from say Oerth to Krynn and then on to Toril. It’s really a wonderful idea and in fact, one started by Gary Gygax himself with Expedition to the Barrier Peaks. After all this earlier OD&D adventure had characters entering a sci-fi location with strange aliens and technological marvels a plenty. What Spelljammer did was simply flesh out the sci-fi aspects of Advanced Dungeons & Dragons while still making them work with wizardry and iron age combat. Spelljammer is the setting where Beholders and Mind Flayers were given complete ecologies, histories and homeworld. It’s the setting where the tinker gnomes of Dragonlance were given a serious look. It’s where Lizardmen were first treated as a playable PC race. It’s the setting that gave us Giffs, Neogi, my beloved Rastipedes and of course GIANT SPACE HAMSTERS. I could go on for hours about everything that makes Spelljammer so entertaining, but suffice to say, the fact that you are getting the full boxed set for only $9.99 makes this not only a must buy, but perhaps the biggest bargain on DNDclassics.com  Spelljammer: Adventures in Space gives you two core books. You get The Concordance of Arcane Space and Lorebook of the Void. The original physical boxed set also came with eleven handouts and four maps. These are now included with The Concordance of Arcane Space‘s PDF. Everything looks as crisp, clear and colorful as with the original print copies and it’s easy to read all of these on either computers or e-readers like a Kindle Fire. Now, the maps and handouts are only the size of a regular page now that they are in PDF form, but that’s a minor kibble at best.  The book you should read first is The Concordance of Arcane Space as it gives you the introduction to Spelljammer. Here you get an overview of the setting and what to expect from it. This is where terms like Wildspace, Phlogiston Spheres and other Spelljammer specific jargon gets explained for the very first time. Even if you never play a Spelljammer campaign, the explanation for everything is just so fascinating, fun and imaginative, that you’ll enjoy reading it. I can’t believe how fresh this feels even twenty five years later. Rules for air quality, gravity, temperature and time are all things that you’ll find in The Concordance of Arcane Space – mechanics you’d never need or even think of for other campaign settings.  Although most of the playable new races are found in The Complete Spacefarer’s Handbook, you will find rules for Lizardmen PCs here. You’ll also find some very important rules for playing a Cleric in Spelljammer and how it can be quite hard to gain spells outside of you God’s sphere of influence. Conjuring and Summoning spells also take on different characteristics. Fire however may have the biggest impediment. This means a lot of common spells and especially healing magic take on a new twist, causing players to think different about what kind of a character to make and the tactics they will use.  Of course, what would Spelljammer be without rules for how to buy and/or build your own ship? That’s all in here too. Of course, building a ship is extremely expensive and you have to maintain a crew to boot. This means Spelljammer is an excellent way for long running characters to use that hard gained loot that is just sitting around somewhere. You’ll also find rules for ship on ship combat, saving throws for all sorts of potential hull materials, crew based morale checks and interplanetary travel.  The last thing we’ll look at in The Concordance of Arcane Space is “The Rock of Brawl,” which gives DMs and players alike their first playable Spelljammer location, complete with story seeds, a cast of memorable characters. There is a lot of great stuff here and the map still looks great. The map does have one minor problem with it though. In coverting it from an oversized map from the boxed set into a standard PDF page, the words “The Lesser Market” and “Dungeon” are warped and blurry. There’s also a red dotted line going through the entire map towards the top. A minor quibble, but one purists might grumble over.  Now let’s talk The Lorebook of the Void. This second book in the “boxed” set is also a lot of fun. The first chapter in the book gives DMs a lot of ideas and suggestions for running a campaign in space as well as one that flitters between worlds. You are also given a glossary of terms and a fun ideas on making alien versions of common D&D creatures. One great example is the Beholder bartender who has a Detect Lie eye instead of the Death Ray one. This lets it be an effective bartender and patrons don’t have to worry about being killed instantly. They do have to worry about disintegration or petrification if they don’t pay their tab however…  Chapter Two is all about Spelljammer vessels. You’re given a whole host of crafts along with their stats. These are common spacefaring vessels and should help DMs running a Spelljammer campaign immensely. The Gnomish Sidewheeler and Neogi Mindspider are amongst my favorites. Chapter Three is entitled “Spacefarers” and it talks about the culture of various D&D races in space. You get a really nice look at all the PC and NPC races common to the game, regardless of setting and how alien versions might be different from established worlds. Goblins, Ogres, Giants, Centaur, Dragons and even Undead have their own listings here. Of note are the entries for Mind Flayers and Beholder, as this is the book and setting that really defined both as a species instead of just creepy looking antagonists. Lycanthropes too have a long and highly detailed section in this chapter – for obvious reasons. The chapter then ends with Monstrous Compendium entries for a lot of creatures, all of which are tremendously entertaining and worth using. Chapter Four is “Known Spheres” and it talks about the core D&D worlds: Krynn, Toril and Oerth, along with important planets or moons within their sphere. That, my friends, is the entire book.  So yes, you’re getting all this plus maps and handouts for under ten bucks. It’s a terrific deal and one any D&D fan can make great use of. Even if you don’t play Second Edition AD&D, the ideas, mechanics and creatures presented here can be applied to any version of the game with a little effort and the end result will be well worth it. Out of everything on DNDclassics.com so far, this is by far my favorite offering (so far) and with a little luck, it will be yours too. Now, let’s see those Ravenloft and Planescape boxed sets on the site as well, am I right?     Tags: AD&D, Dungeons & Dragons  Related Archive Articles  more articles »  Book Review: Night of the Hunter: Companions Codex, Book 8000 I (Dungeons & Dragons)  Tabletop Review: Spelljammer: Adventures in Space (Advanced Dungeons & Dragons, Second Edition)  Tabletop Review: The World of Fatherail: The Shadow's Dungeon (Pathfinder)  Review: The Witch and the Hundred Knight (Sony Playstation 3)  Alex Lucard  view profile » Alexander Lucard is the Editor-in-Chief of Diehard GameFAN and Director of Operations for the InsidePulse network. He has worked in video game journalism since 2002 and is also a paid consultant for Konami and The Pokemon Company. Alex has previously written for Tips N Tricks, Gamespot, White Wolf, TSR, Wizards of the Coast, Eden Studios, 411mania, Not a True Ending and more. His writing can also be found in the monthly periodicals Massive Online Gamer and Pokemon Collector Magazine.  Follow on Twitter · Follow on Facebook · Email Alex Lucard  Recent Posts »  Tweets by @diehardgamefan  Featured Writers  Alex Lucard    • » Tabletop Review: Spelljammer: Adventures in Space (Advanced Dungeons & Dragons, Second Edition)   • » Tabletop Review: The World of Fatherail: The Shadow's Dungeon (Pathfinder)      • Mark B.    • » Walkthrough: Dangan Ronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc   • » Book Review: The Art of Titanfall      • Sean Madson    • » Diehard GameCAST: Episode 46 - Bravely Default, Danganronpa, Persona 4 Golden, Jazzpunk, and more!   • » Review: Donkey Kong Country: Tropical Freeze (Nintendo Wii U)      • Aaron Sirois    • » Review: Antisquad (PC)   • » Review: King Oddball (Sony PlayStation Vita)      • Ashe Collins    • » Book Review: Night of the Hunter: Companions Codex, Book I (Dungeons & Dragons)   • » Review: The Witch and the Hundred Knight (Sony Playstation 3)      • Michael O'Reilly    • » Review: Assassins Creed 4: Black Flag DLC Freedom Cry (Playstation 4)   • » Review: Killzone Shadow Fall (Sony PlayStation 4)      • Aileen Coe    • » Capcom Working On New Ace Attorney Game   • » Pokemon Bank Comes to North America      • Robert Hubbs    • » DHGF Interview: Codebrush Games   • » Review: Nidhogg (PC)      • Crystal Steltenpohl    • » Review: Inazuma Eleven (Nintendo 3DS)   • » What’s New This Month in Animal Crossing: New Leaf – March      • Matt Yeager    • » Review: LocoCycle (Xbox 360)   • » Review: Jazzpunk (PC)      • Recent Comments      Search Pulse      Author:      Zone:      Category:      more news » < 4e23 /div>     Super Smash Bros for Wii U and 3DS - Semi Auto Finishers »     Multiple Persona Titles Coming to North America »     Super Smash Bros for Wii U and 3DS - Diddy Kong Cartwheels In »      Movies       Movie Reviews     Blu Ray Reviews     DVD Reviews     Box Office      TV       News     Reviews     Spoilers     Features      Comics       Marvel     DC Comics     Figures     Features      Wrestling       News     Reviews     Columns     Features      MMA/Boxing       MMA News     MMA Columns     Boxing News     Boxing Columns      Video Games       Reviews     News     Columns     Features      Sports       News     Reviews     Columns     Features      More       Figures     Music     Games     Celebrities     Contact Us · Staff · Privacy      © 2014 Inside Pulse          Dashboards: Combined · Wrestling · Fights · Diehard     So, with this Simple Jquery Modal Window, it can be in any shapes you want! Simple and Easy to modify : )      0
on (Pathfinder)  Review: The Witch and the Hundred Knight (Sony Playstation 3)  Alex Lucard  view profile » Alexander Lucard is the Editor-in-Chief of Diehard GameFAN and Director of Operations for the InsidePulse network. He has worked in video game journalism since 2002 and is also a paid consultant for Konami and The Pokemon Company. Alex has previously written for Tips N Tricks, Gamespot, White Wolf, TSR, Wizards of the Coast, Eden Studios, 411mania, Not a True Ending and more. His writing can also be found in the monthly periodicals Massive Online Gamer and Pokemon Collector Magazine.  Follow on Twitter · Follow on Facebook · Email Alex Lucard  Recent Posts »  Tweets by @diehardgamefan  Featured Writers  Alex Lucard    • » Tabletop Review: Spelljammer: Adventures in Space (Advanced Dungeons & Dragons, Second Edition)   • » Tabletop Review: The World of Fatherail: The Shadow's Dungeon (Pathfinder)      • Mark B.    • » Walkthrough: Dangan Ronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc   • » Book Review: The Art of Titanfall      • Sean Madson    • » Diehard GameCAST: Episode 46 - Bravely Default, Danganronpa, Persona 4 Golden, Jazzpunk, and more!   • » Review: Donkey Kong Country: Tropical Freeze (Nintendo Wii U)      • Aaron Sirois    • » Review: Antisquad (PC)   • » Review: King Oddball (Sony PlayStation Vita)      • Ashe Collins    • » Book Review: Night of the Hunter: Companions Codex, Book I (Dungeons & Dragons)   • » Review: The Witch and the Hundred Knight (Sony Playstation 3)      • Michael O'Reilly    • » Review: Assassins Creed 4: Black Flag DLC Freedom Cry (Playstation 4)   • » Review: Killzone Shadow Fall (Sony PlayStation 4)      • Aileen Coe    • » Capcom Working On New Ace Attorney Game   • » Pokemon Bank Comes to North America      • Robert Hubbs    • » DHGF Interview: Codebrush Games   • » Review: Nidhogg (PC)      • Crystal Steltenpohl    • » Review: Inazuma Eleven (Nintendo 3DS)   • » What’s New This Month in Animal Crossing: New Leaf – March      • Matt Yeager    • » Review: LocoCycle (Xbox 360)   • » Review: Jazzpunk (PC)      • Recent Comments      Search Pulse      Author:      Zone:      Category:      more news » < 4e23 /div>     Super Smash Bros for Wii U and 3DS - Semi Auto Finishers »     Multiple Persona Titles Coming to North America »     Super Smash Bros for Wii U and 3DS - Diddy Kong Cartwheels In »      Movies       Movie Reviews     Blu Ray Reviews     DVD Reviews     Box Office      TV       News     Reviews     Spoilers     Features      Comics       Marvel     DC Comics     Figures     Features      Wrestling       News     Reviews     Columns     Features      MMA/Boxing       MMA News     MMA Columns     Boxing News     Boxing Columns      Video Games       Reviews     News     Columns     Features      Sports       News     Reviews     Columns     Features      More       Figures     Music     Games     Celebrities     Contact Us · Staff · Privacy      © 2014 Inside Pulse          Dashboards: Combined · Wrestling · Fights · Diehard     So, with this Simple Jquery Modal Window, it can be in any shapes you want! Simple and Easy to modify : )      0
__label__wiki 4e1 404 Not Found  404  Not Found  The resource requested could not be found on this server!   Proudly powered by LiteSpeed Web Server  Please be advised that LiteSpeed Technologies Inc. is not a web hosting company and, as such, has no control over content found on this site.  0
__label__wiki BBC Homepage   • Skip to content   • Accessibility Help   • Your account   • Home   • News   • Sport   • Earth   • Reel   • Worklife   • Travel   • Culture   • Future   • Music   • TV   • Weather   • Sounds More menu More menu Search BBC   • Home   • News   • Sport   • Earth   • Reel   • Worklife   • Travel   • Culture   • Future   • Music   • TV   • Weather   • Sounds Close menu BBC Sport Menu   • Home   • Football   • Cricket   • Formula 1   • Rugby U   • Tennis   • Golf   • Cycling   • Athletics More A-Z Sports   • American Football   • Athletics   • Basketball   • Boxing   • Cricket   • Cycling   • Darts   • Disability Sport   • Football   • Formula 1   • Gaelic Games   • Golf   • Gymnastics   • Horse Racing   • Mixed Martial Arts   • Motorsport   • Netball   • Olympic Sports   • Rugby League   • Rugby Union   • Snooker   • Swimming   • Tennis   • Full Sports A-Z More from Sport   • England   • Scotland   • Wales   • Northern Ireland   • News Feeds   • Help & FAQs   • Premier League   • Scores & Fixtures   • Table   • Top Scorers  Brighton 4-0 Manchester United: Big defeat ends United's Champions League hopes    • Published     7 May 2022 Share page About sharing Brighton goalImage source, Getty Images Image caption,  Brighton's Moises Caicedo became the 100th player to score his first ever Premier League goal against Manchester United  ByMichael Emons BBC Sport at the Amex Stadium  Manchester United suffered a humiliating defeat at the hands of a rampant Brighton at the Amex Stadium - a result that confirmed United would not qualify for next season's Champions League.  Ecuador international Moises Caicedo put the hosts ahead with his first Premier League goal in only his sixth game, with a low 25-yard strike after United's Alex Telles had failed to clear.  The visitors, in interim boss Ralf Rangnick's penultimate game in charge before he is replaced by Erik ten Hag, fell apart in the second half, conceding three goals in quick succession.  Marc Cucurella fired into the roof of the net from Leandro Trossard's pull-back for the second, with Trossard setting up Pascal Gross to calmly steer in a third.    • Are 'humiliated' Man Utd at rock bottom?  Trossard scored Brighton's fourth when he bundled the ball over the line from close range, with the goal eventually given after a video assistant review checked for a handball.  The defeat was United's fifth successive away loss and ensured they cannot finish higher than their current spot of sixth in the Premier League, with only the top four playing in next season's Champions League.  It will be only the fifth time in 30 years that they will not play in Europe's major competition - and they could even miss out on the Europa League and drop into the third-tier Europa Conference League.  They are currently six points ahead of seventh-placed West Ham, who have two games in hand.    • Follow live text and radio coverage of Saturday's Premier League football    • Go straight to all the best Brighton & Hove Albion content    • Visit our Manchester United page  Brilliant Brighton set for their best season ever  Figure caption,  Win over Man Utd a result to cherish - Potter  For Brighton, watched by a record crowd at the Amex of 31,637, this was an evening their fans will remember for years to come.  They have had some great moments this season, drawing at Anfield against Liverpool, drawing home and away against Chelsea, taking four points off Arsenal and winning away at Tottenham. But none compares to this dominant victory over United.  Indeed, the Seagulls were not flattered by the margin of victory and could even have scored more, with Welbeck going close in the first half and unlucky not to add a fifth late on with an excellent effort from 25 yards that curled just past the post.  Meanwhile, United's few chances of note included a Bruno Fernandes effort that was parried by Robert Sanchez.  Edinson Cavani, set to leave the club on a free transfer at the end of the season, thought he had scored a consolation when he steered in Harry Maguire's cross from close range - but that was rightly ruled out for offside.  More remarkably, this was ninth-placed Brighton's first home win of 2022 after only picking up four points from their previous eight games at the Amex.  It kept them on course to claim their first ever top-10 finish in English football's top flight in their 121-year history.  Figure caption,  Man Utd 'just not good enough' - Rangnick  For United, the season cannot end quickly enough. They spent almost £120m on Raphael Varane, Jadon Sancho and five-time Ballon d'Or winner Cristiano Ronaldo, and hopes were high at the start of the season that they could push for the title after coming second last season.  But after Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was sacked in November, the club appointed Rangnick on an interim basis, although he was not given the chance to strengthen the squad in the January transfer window and the club have gone backwards.  Manchester United have been English champions a record 20 times, but the rebuilding task facing Ten Hag, who could win the Dutch Eredivisie on Sunday with current club Ajax, is growing by each match.  On this evidence, he faces the toughest task in football to bring United back to their glory years.  Sorry, we can't display this part of the article any more. Sorry, we can't display this part of the article any more. Everything you need to know about your Premier League team bannerImage source, BBC Sport    • Our coverage of your Premier League club is bigger and better than ever before - here's everything you need to know to make sure you never miss a moment  BBC Sport banner footerImage source, BBC Sport  Related topics    • Manchester United   • Premier League   • Football   • Brighton & Hove Albion  Top stories    • Casemiro's fond farewell - how Brazilian turned Man Utd career around      • Published       43 minutes ago    • Rousey seals perfect ending with 15-second comeback win      • Published       57 minutes ago    • No trophy in turbulent season but Alonso arrival offers Chelsea hope      • Published       8 hours ago  Elsewhere on the BBC    • The globe’s spinning fast. Dive in before the end hits hard      Race Across the World S6    • Inside the first Women’s Six Nations Rugby Championship in 2002      Sporting Witness: The First Women’s Six Nations Rugby Championship    • The Smoggie Queens are back with more out and proud comedy      Smoggie Queens    • The world's first labradoodle      Witness History: The world's first labradoodle  Elsewhere in Sport    • Man City beat Chelsea after brilliant Semenyo goal. VideoMan City beat Chelsea after brilliant Semenyo goal      Antoine Semenyo    • Resilient Celtic time run perfectly to win race after eight-month chase      Celtic players celebrate    • 'We crumbled' - another loss, another unwanted record for leaky Liverpool      Arne Slot    • My quality time with Guardiola - and getting his guide to Barcelona      An image of Pep Guardiola and Tony Pulis laughing and smiling to each other when Manchester City played West Brom in 2017    • I'm a passionate lad and I love it at Everton - Pickford      Wayne Rooney and Jordan Pickford pose in front of a TV screen that has an advert for The Wayne Rooney Show on it    • She made what seemed impossible possible - the Rousey show returns      Ronda Rousey at a news conference to promote her bout with Gina Carano    • The making of the £60K bargain who became an Everton legend      Seamus Coleman graphic    • Parlour? Villa? Gerrard? Ranking best FA Cup final goals      Ray Parlour, Ricky Villa and Steven Gerrard    • Why Newcastle's history makers are breaking up      Newcastle United players celebrate after defeating Liverpool in the 2025 League Cup final at Wembley    • Sutton's predictions v Blossoms & Songer      Sutton's predictions v Blossoms and Songer    • How controversial VAR calls have defined two title battles      Motherwell's Sam Nicholson jumps with Celtic's Aaron Trusty    • Durham to Bedford - Gay's 200-mile drive to tell parents of England call-up      Emilio Gay    • Will F1 go back to the future with its engines?      A close-up image of the rear of Mark Webber's Red Bull-Renault at the 2013 United States Grand Prix    • The summer a golden generation lost its shine      England team photo from 2006 World Cup    • Is 15-year-old IPL wonderkid ready to play for India?      Vaibhav Sooryavanshi   • Home   • News   • Sport   • Earth   • Reel   • Worklife   • Travel   • Culture   • Future   • Music   • TV   • Weather   • Sounds   • Terms of Use   • About the BBC   • Privacy Policy   • Cookies   • Accessibility Help   • Parental Guidance   • Contact the BBC   • BBC emails for you   • Advertise with us  Copyright © 2026 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
__label__wiki 1c144 PEOPLE AND THE PEOPLES’ BUS SERVICE - Newspaper - DAWN.COM Dawn Logo Dawn  Subscribe to notifications  Get the latest news and updates from Dawn  Dawn Logo Dawn  PEOPLE AND THE PEOPLES’ BUS SERVICE  How to save Karachi's new bus service Gulraiz Khan Published July 17, 2022 A brand new Peoples’ Bus Service bus in action | Photos by the writer A brand new Peoples’ Bus Service bus in action | Photos by the writer  Karachi is perennially hot and sticky, but this summer has been hotter and stickier than usual.  As I set out hoping to ride on the newly-inaugurated Peoples’ Bus Service, the season’s first major monsoons are still a day or two away, which means breathing through sheets of stifling humidity. I’ve only walked 50 yards to the Nursery bus stop, but my kurta is drenched. Sweat steadily trickles down my face as I squint, hoping to spot a red moving pixel in the distance.  Buses are unglamorous at best and undesirable at worst. You wouldn’t notice the blue-striped, white bus in New York City if it hit you in the face on a crosswalk, despite there being almost 6,000 of them in the city. Or the almost 4,000 yellow, lilac and blue gentle giants of Istanbul that silently, almost apologetically, glide past you in traffic. When they aren’t unremarkable, like in case of the kitschy, bellowing metal contraptions that masquerade as buses in Karachi, you wouldn’t want to set foot in one if you had any alternative.  For a public transit enthusiast, I must confess that I didn’t love buses much either. Conceptually, buses have survived in one way or another, across the world, for around two centuries, even as their form has evolved. Despite this remarkable resilience, they’ve never been the poster child for public transit, except in recent years with the facelift they’ve received in the form of the Bus Rapid Transit (BRT).   Karachi has got a bold, new bus service. Its buses are spanking new, air-conditioned and ruby red. That’s the good part. But the service is already falling into habits that have doomed public transport initiatives in the city before. Here’s how to make it count this time…   Internationally, no mayor shows off their regular city buses. Most tourist maps show subway/metro systems and skip out on buses altogether. There are hardly any souvenir fridge magnets featuring buses. Perhaps the only exception to this rule, as I learnt earlier this year, is London. If I had a fleet of sleek 9,000 radiant red buses set against a grey and dreary sky, I’d take some pride and joy in that too.  This probably explains why I could hardly contain my joy when giant cutouts of red buses started propping up along Sharae Faisal. I had heard about this project from the former provincial transport minister, Syed Awais Ali Shah, exactly a year ago, but I didn’t believe it until the administrator, Murtaza Wahab, posted videos of the buses arriving at the Karachi Port.  Throughout the week since its launch on June 27 though, I count more cutouts than the actual buses during my commute. So, on this hot and sticky Saturday afternoon, as I spot a moving red pixel in the distance, I feel the acidic mix of cautious joy and latent anxiety rise through my gut to the back of my throat.  The ruby red bus pulls up, gently, and the doors swing open, releasing a gust of chilled air from the inside. I take one short step from the asphalt to the soft rubber floor of the bus and the automatic doors swiftly swing shut behind me. Anyone who has ever taken a bus in Karachi would appreciate this one giant leap for the city’s commuters.  I have just begun to feel the joy of the cold air-conditioned air on my face when a small girl in a tightly wound headscarf, maybe six or seven years old, gets up from her mother’s lap in the front section, stumbles and empties her guts out on the bus floor. I’m not sure if it was the heat, the humidity or our shared anxiety, but her vomit instantly baptises Karachi’s newest bus service.  PARBOILED SERVICE  Passengers have quickly taken to the new bus service Passengers have quickly taken to the new bus service  Besides the giant cutouts and some flashy PR, the service seems to have been hurriedly launched in the face of rising fuel prices (and rising public anger) and the impending second phase of the local government elections in Sindh. Four key elements of a scheduled bus service — timings, route, stops and fare — are all a bit hazy right now. Other elements, including communication, staff training and service quality, are also patchy at best. While any new service, understandably, has teething issues, it is the combination of structural issues, and the ghosts of at least three similar failed attempts in the past, that makes one question the sustainability of this initiative.  The sidewalk at the stop I boarded the bus at, Nursery, is dug up. The grey structure is still dishevelled. Except for the red and white painted kerb, nothing about this stop says new service. The map for Route 1 identifies 38 stops along the roughly 30km corridor and Nursery is one of them. The bus, however, stops again 200m ahead, and then again, about 400m ahead, before reaching the next notified stop, FTC. From there to Tower, the bus would make far more than 38 stops, sometimes stopping in the middle of nowhere to drop off a loud passenger. In the absence of clearly notified and marked stations, each stop is a negotiation between an aggressive passenger, a clueless conductor and a pliant driver.  Some of the passenger aggression stems from confusion over the route. News reports had shared a proposed Route 1 with stops at Jinnah Hospital, Cantt Station, Regal Chowk and Araam Bagh. The actual service doesn’t go to any of them. A more updated route map, shared by the operator on Twitter, shows the service starting from the edge of Model Colony on Jinnah Avenue. The actual bus, however, goes several kilometres deep into the colony, all the way to a railway crossing.  Buses are designed to offer a scheduled and well-defined public service, around which millions of commuters can shape their lives and behaviours. It is a time-tested solution to the vexing problem of urban density and mobility: how do you move millions of people quickly and efficiently? If a bus service starts accommodating individual riders’ requests, or the driver and conductor’s whims, the result is chaos. This is a problem that Karachi’s poorest commuters are all too familiar with.  A defined and published route, with clearly demarcated stops, is therefore the bare minimum that this service needs to offer before customer confidence is eroded. More than a week since its official launch, the Peoples’ Bus Service seems to be struggling with even this bare minimum.  LINGERING ON CHUNDRIGAR  Reverting to bad habits: a conductor without uniform takes cash from a passenger Reverting to bad habits: a conductor without uniform takes cash from a passenger  The freshly baptised bus terminates its south-bound journey at Tower. I stay on for the short victory lap over the circular Jinnah Bridge, watching the conductor count the fare from the trip: a little over 5,000 rupees, from about 100 passengers on this single trip. The bus is parked on the bridge off-ramp, right under the shadow of the Art Deco Qamar House, and the driver and conductor take a break.  In another idling bus right ahead, the driver and conductor are eating from a styrofoam box. Shouldn’t there be a lounge for the staff at the terminals for lunch, a break or just to stretch their legs?  I walk up to the bus right at the front, which is about to start its eastbound trip to Model Colony. A rusting, disfigured Gulistan coach crosses my path ominously, reminding me that these city streets are not for the weak.  A few years ago, while teaching a course on public transit at a university, the students and I took a dive into Karachi’s public buses and coaches. Journalist Mahim Maher had just published a fantastic piece on the deep logic that underpins the seemingly informal, chaotic operations of Marwat Coach. Did this method to the madness apply to all private operators? Was there a layer of occult logic behind all this kitschy chaos?  To investigate, we first met with Irshad Bukhari, the menacing-but-grandfatherly president of the Karachi Transport Ittehad. When we asked him for bus routes and stops, he shared with us a bound file with a page for each route. Each page had names of the neighbourhoods that the buses on that route passed through. No maps. No roads. No landmarks. No stops. Just neighbourhoods. This is how bus routes have been conceived, approved and communicated in Karachi thus far. You can check for yourself: go to Google and search for “Karachi bus routes”. See what shows up even today. Hang your head in disappointment.  To map their routes and stops more accurately, the students and I boarded buses on the route 19-D and 20, from their terminal at Shireen Jinnah Colony. Within a few minutes of their departure, we realised there would be no stops. On the entire stretch from Shireen Jinnah to Kharkar Chowrangi, the bus just lingered, almost like a reluctant, drawn-out warm-up before cardio. Passengers hopped on along the way. No one seemed to be in a hurry to get anywhere. It was almost idyllic, as if it were a tourist bus and not one that people depend on to get to work and around the city.  This lingering was the symptom of decades of divestment in public transport by the government. For private owners and contractors, the only thing that matters is passenger numbers, since each trip has a fixed cost of fuel, labour (driver and conductor) and bhatta plus challans along the way. The more people they could take on the trip, the higher the revenue to offset fixed costs. Time, efficiency, speed or service quality were nowhere on the agenda — not for the owner, nor the provincial transport department that should have been the regulator.  The bus therefore lingered to get on board as many people as it could. It would stop wherever it would spot a paying passenger and begrudgingly slow down just enough for a passenger to jump off to disembark. Who needs bus stops then anyway? This was a system primed to deliver the bare minimum, as it cannibalised itself. Hardly surprising, therefore, that the routes and number of buses decimated, first gradually, then suddenly.  Back in the present-day, the red bus I board takes off exactly at 4pm from Tower, with about 20 visibly delighted passengers. Passengers take their camera phones out to record this momentous occasion. They strike up conversations with strangers, full of marvel and trepidation.  But instead of moving swiftly to the next stop, the bus starts to linger along I I Chundrigar Road. Ten minutes later, we haven’t even crossed the HBL Plaza, halfway through. By the time we reach Shaheen Complex, at the other end of Chundrigar, it is 4.15pm. The bus has covered 3kms, and what would’ve been six stops according to the route map, at a snail’s pace of 12km/hr. This is not because of congestion, or traffic. This is an old habit and a structural misunderstanding of how a bus service should be run, exactly the way it had been for the old buses.  GHOSTS OF BUSES PAST  I would have written off the lingering if it didn’t happen on each of the five trips I took over two days, each time more egregiously than before. On my last ride, from the Model Colony to Nursery, the conductor decides to keep the front doors open and hollers, “Tower! Tower!”, as the bus lingered through the Model Colony Road for a good 10 minutes. I’m not sure if the Gulistan coach that crossed me earlier at Tower was a curse, but the ghosts of all the old buses and coaches seem to be haunting the Peoples’ Bus Service.  I confront the conductor about the door and, after mumbling some excuse, he sheepishly asks the driver to close the doors. To be fair, it may not even be his fault entirely. In his sweat-stained cream shalwar kameez and black slippers two sizes too small, he cut a rather unkempt figure. The night before, the conductor I saw was wearing a uniform. None of the conductors on this Saturday are wearing one. They also appeared a bit lost.  Eager passengers call out to them and ask for tickets. While news reports quoted the transport minister saying the fare would vary from 25 to 50 rupees, all the conductors have on them are booklets of paper tickets marked 50 rupees. Cash is the only way to pay, and if a larger denomination is exchanged, there is a nervous wait to collect enough fare from other passengers to return the change. Occasionally, the conductor shouts out, asking if anyone hasn’t paid for the ride. In the world of bad ideas and awful execution, this is probably the worst way to collect fares in a modern transit system.  Each small failure, or instance of shoddy service, might be forgiven in any other context, but not here.  Karachiites are spooked by the successive failures of such services over the last two decades. Here’s the body count: the city government under Naimatullah Khan imported 32 deep-green, beautiful Swedish buses and ran them on two existing routes. Procured on a discounted commercial loan, their financial sustainability was a non-starter. They disappeared even before Naimatullah’s term was over.  The next mayor, Mustafa Kamal, got 75 locally manufactured CNG buses on three routes, upgraded bus stops and added kiosks for ticketing. Bought from the city government’s budget, they had an annual operational cost of 75 million rupees. Once his term was over, the provincial government refused to fund it and the service petered out.  For years, provincial transport minister Syed Nasir Hussain Shah promised 600 buses, but only 10 eventually hit the road in a pilot project in 2018. I only ever saw them once during my commute to work. No one knows exactly when and how they vanished.  Last June, when I met then-transport minister Syed Awais Shah, he mentioned the incoming 250 buses, but I was sceptical. Turns out he wasn’t bluffing after all. We now have a total of 250 buses, imported from China at a cost of 6.5 billion rupees. Ten of these were allocated for Larkana. The remaining 240 will ply seven routes in Karachi. Another 4 billion rupees have been allocated for purchasing more buses in the current fiscal year. Have we finally turned the corner on broken transit dreams?  Buying new buses is the easiest part. It’s a one-off capital expense, provides political mileage through photo ops and requires no structural adjustments. It is the running of transit operations that is the real challenge and requires political acumen, capacity building and cultural transformation. If we don’t want the Peoples’ Bus Service to go down the route of all previous schemes, here is what we will need to do differently this time around.  BEYOND THE BRT  Bus stop should provide information and a comfortable waiting experience Bus stop should provide information and a comfortable waiting experience  Buses are the cheapest form of mass transit, but there are reasons why they are looked down upon, especially when compared to more expensive trams and trains: they are slow, have limited capacity and usually get stuck in the same snarling traffic on the road that they hope to beat. Luckily for us, cities the world over have been working to address some of these concerns and make buses more effective at moving large numbers of people. A lot of that work is distilled into BRT systems that make buses effectively mimic trains, by providing them dedicated corridors. But this comes at a cost.  In Pakistan, where traffic rules’ enforcement is weak, we build tens of flyovers and underpasses for each line to maintain grade separation and ensure dedicated corridors. That’s how they got the original slur, the jangla bus. We don’t know the final price tag for the Green Line BRT in Karachi, but it would be easily north of 30 billion rupees. The Red and Yellow BRT lines, funded by the Asian Development Bank and World Bank, would cost half a billion dollars each. That’s over 100 billion rupees at today’s exchange rate. To scale up simple public transit by buses, we need to learn from our own failures and, clearly, need to think beyond BRTs.  The first thing to consider would be financial sustainability. The largest chunk of a bus system’s operational cost, between 60 to 70 percent, is the cost of staff and labour, including drivers, mechanics, conductors, cleaners, transit agency staff and so on. This figure is fairly universal: it comes from two different studies, from the United States and India.  For a new system, it would make sense to keep as lean a staff base as possible. Some of these roles are essential — drivers and mechanics — but others can be rationalised. The conductor in the Peoples’ Bus Service is simply collecting fare. With fare collection digitised, there will be no need for this role. The currently employed conductors should be upskilled for other essential roles, as the service scales up. Bloating the service now with non-essential staff will only lead to its eventual collapse and render everyone currently employed jobless.  There will also be no financial stability with a leaky fare box or ghost riders. Fare needs to be collected pre-boarding. Whether you’ve got a top-up card, like the Breeze Card for Green Line BRT, or a paper ticket, it should be purchased off-board and validated digitally at the time of boarding. For this reason, most cities only allow for boarding from the front of the bus, where the driver can see that every passenger getting on has validated their payment method. Digital payment methods would also open the possibility for targeted subsidies in the future.  Next is service availability. You will not get passengers if your service isn’t available, visible or predictable. Routes and timings need to be locked in and made publicly available, both digitally and at bus stops. Stops need to be defined and religiously adhered to. If there is a bus every six minutes, no one will panic if a bus leaves the station without them. If there are service delays and disruptions, they need to be communicated in real time. All of this is now fairly simple with a centralised tracking system, and the company’s official Twitter account has indicated that this is forthcoming. My only gripe is that it should have come yesterday, when the service was launched.  Lastly, service quality, which includes the customer experience both within the buses and at the stations. The terminus at Tower was next to garbage dumpsters. The one at Model Colony was in a dusty, unpaved ground. Except refurbishment of some already existing stations, not a single new station has been added yet.  The station is not just a painted shelter: it’s a touchpoint that should provide information and a comfortable waiting experience. The Metropole station, where I waited from 10.20 to 10.50pm on a Friday night in vain, was dark, dingy and enclosed. The left side of the station was covered in black painted metal. To see if a bus was coming from the corner, I had to stand on the road, where I was partially also scared of getting mugged. Bus stations should not be designed by people who have never actually had to wait at a station in their life.  The only sense of safety I had while waiting for the bus that night, came from the adjacent flower shop that was lit up and had some staff. The best security comes from the presence of people and light, not just from CCTV cameras. Stations should be large, transparent, well-lit and, preferably, host a tuck shop that would double as a source of revenue, point of sale for tickets and provide ambient safety. Some of the existing stops already have a kiosk structure. What’s stopping the transit agency from reviving them?  Nothing says bad service quality more than chhaalia wrappers littered on the floor of a bus that has just started service. When hundreds of people will use a vehicle each trip, it is bound to get dirty. Doing a quick cleanliness check at the end of each trip will go a long way in building people’s trust and ownership.  None of these steps are rocket science. Some of these things are being done in the same city, with the Green Line. Lahore has been running the Speedo feeder bus system effectively for years. It all boils down to public pressure and the consequent political will. Without a watchful regulator and a conscious operator, we know where all such initiatives eventually go in Karachi. South and out. Here’s hoping the Peoples’ Bus Service doesn’t.  The writer is a design researcher and strategist, working in urbanism, finance and education.  They can be reached via gulraiz.khan@gmail.com  Published in Dawn, EOS, July 17th, 2022  Email      25  The writer is a design researcher and strategist, and an urban enthusiast. He can be reached via Twitter @gulraizkhan  Gulraiz Khan Comments (25) Closed Syed Jul 17, 2022 12:27pm People need to be educated ticket receiver needs to be uniformed to see change itself bus stop need to be renovated strict rules busses need to be cleaned sanitised otherwise same old shape will happen need more buses strict monitoring need to be implemented because public is uneducated and unaware and more busses needed and roads banao plz and sewerage Recommend 0 Dr. Salaria, Aamir Ahmad Jul 17, 2022 12:44pm Joke of the century. Recommend 0 AndYou! Jul 17, 2022 12:53pm The management under qualified managers will be able to see through for some time. Otherwise, the corruption through high end low levels especially maintenance would see them parking for good. Can’t expect smooth and honest operational work. Recommend 0 Cye Jul 17, 2022 01:13pm Did you researched How much Commisson did ppp made out of this? Recommend 0 Citizen Jul 17, 2022 01:23pm Good initiative but needs public private partnership Recommend 0 Anonymouseee Jul 17, 2022 02:17pm We need metro trains running through the city, not buses. Recommend 0 Daanish Jul 17, 2022 04:05pm kick back system of PPP, never service public buses. unclean, garbage ridden buses and citizens Recommend 0 AZAM AKBAR Jul 17, 2022 04:24pm Bus service and under the most corrupt PPP? What a joke. Recommend 0 FKhan Jul 17, 2022 04:30pm Ik was right in saying it as jangla Bus and soon it will be like that Recommend 0 Haris Jul 17, 2022 04:49pm Could have summarised this gigantic article in 4-5 bullet points because the problem and solution are well documented and well known to everyone except PPP. Recommend 0 Munawar Ahmed Jul 17, 2022 05:05pm Until political rivalry on transport and minibus mafia are not eliminated, the transport reform will be defeated, as per experiences of metro bus, green bus etc. etc. Recommend 0 Ali S Jul 17, 2022 07:08pm I'll say the unsaid: the biggest difference between the Green line BRT or Lahore's buses and the Peoples Bus Service is that PPP is running this one. That automatically increases its chances of failure by 50x. Recommend 0 Henchi Jul 17, 2022 08:06pm Very clever to use red color on the bus so to camouflage red pan spits. Recommend 0 Fareed Jul 17, 2022 08:08pm Bad habits die hard. Recommend 0 Shiraz Jul 17, 2022 08:59pm Your article and the bits about conductors, maps, timing, etc, reminds me of downfall & eventual wrapping up of the eartwhile Karachi Transport Corporation (KTC). KTC was a very effective, economical & public friendly system. Running Italian Fiat buses, they used to be punctual, neat & clean, on time & convenient way of travelling during mid 70s until early 90s. With bad management, dishonest employees and being the first victim of unrest in Karachi, the service was eventually closed. Recommend 0 Honor Jul 17, 2022 09:14pm These new buses will meet the same fate as in the past. Tickets should be issued from ticketing machines and not by hand in which case either tickets are not given or half given and the other half given to someone else! 50% collection gone!! If Depot Managers are not honest the system will not last and substantial subsidy will be needed to keep it afloat. I should know. I was Chief Technical Officer in EPRTC, Dhaka and in charge of 2 units in KTC., Karachi. Strict accountability is needed. Recommend 0 Akram Jul 17, 2022 09:56pm the karachi public need to have a forum to hold their political leaders to account for such services. In 2022 you would expect a city like karachi to have a proper world class bus service. One more rule for the bus service perhaps might be no eating or drinking on board will take care of most of the rubbish. Recommend 0 Kaspar Jul 17, 2022 09:59pm What happened to KCR Revival? Recommend 0 Ahsan Siddiqui Jul 18, 2022 12:21am IMPORTANT: During the time of UTS busses once i was in a UTS-8 or 4, a mini deliberately rammed to the side of it. and then proceeded to start a fight with the crew on the basis of "Tum Log hamara amdanee cheen they ho". At another time they chased our UTS until our driver confronted the other driver while seated, they yelled out "Tum log hamara route sey hat jao". Basically the mini buses ran the UTS off the road. Any new bus service that starts must keep this in mind. otherwise; failure. Recommend 0 Nabi Jul 18, 2022 12:47am They should bring subways Recommend 0 WaliKhan Jul 18, 2022 03:30am Bus Conductor / Driver Cabin should be bullet proof, just in case. You know, a disgruntled passenger tries to hurt the poor driver, in case the bus does not stop at their door step. Recommend 0 Kursi Jul 18, 2022 05:17am In few months we will be back to dibba busses again. I hope not. Recommend 0 Farooq Jul 18, 2022 05:24am Our awam needs to take care and pride in our sytem Recommend 0 Syed Ali Jul 18, 2022 07:13am Before taking photos the buses should have been washed. Recommend 0 Syed Ali Jul 18, 2022 07:19am You can cut cost ,save some foreign exchange encourage industry by building large manufacturing and assembly plants in Lahore and Karachi to meet country transport needs. Recommend 0 Dawn Logo Dawn  Copyright © 2026  NewsKit Publishing Platform  0
__label__wiki 278e Robert Christgau: Album: Nirvana: Nevermind  Robert Christgau: Dean of American Rock Critics  Consumer Guide:   User's Guide   Grades 1990-   Grades 1969-89   And It Don't Stop Books:   Book Reports   Is It Still Good to Ya?   Going Into the City   Consumer Guide: 90s   Grown Up All Wrong   Consumer Guide: 80s   Consumer Guide: 70s   Any Old Way You Choose It   Don't Stop 'til You Get Enough Xgau Sez Writings:   And It Don't Stop   CG Columns   Rock&Roll& [new]   Rock&Roll& [old]   Music Essays   Music Reviews   Book Reviews   NAJP Blog   Playboy   Blender   Rolling Stone   Billboard   Video Reviews   Pazz & Jop   Recyclables   Newsprint   Lists   Miscellany Bibliography NPR Web Site:   Home   Site Map   Contact   What's New?     RSS Carola Dibbell:   Carola's Website   Archive CG Search: Google Search: Twitter: Follow @rxgau  Consumer Guide Album  Nirvana: Nevermind [DGC, 1991] After years of hair-flailing sludge that achieved occasional songform on singles no normal person ever heard, Seattle finally produces some proper postpunk, aptly described by resident genius Kurt Cobain: "Verse, chorus, verse, chorus, solo, bad solo." This is hard rock as the term was understood before metal moved in--the kind of loud, slovenly, tuneful music you think no one will ever work a change on again until the next time it happens, whereupon you wonder why there isn't loads more. It seems so simple. A 0
__label__wiki 8000 MICHELLE PFEIFFER, THE FACE _______ www.pfeiffertheface.com    Web  www.pfeiffertheface.com        Movies Info-Gallery The extensive collection of Stills, Posters, Promos and all the info about Michelle's Pfilmography. Visit the gallery »   Photoshoots & Covers Shoots sessions and magazine covers ordered by date, magazine and photographer. Visit the gallery »   Red Carpet Gallery A look around all Pfeiffer's life: premieres, parties and acts which Michelle has attended. Visit the gallery »   Press Corner Magazines, articles, interviews... Press of anywhere in the world to read and download. Visit the gallery »   Special Page: Walk Of Fame Star Michelle receives her Star at Hollywood Walk of Fame Access the page »   Aging Gracefully The debate whether or not Michelle Pfeiffer has had plastic surgery. By Tim (Xvaesthirxv) Access the page »  Main  Michelle  Career  Images  Articles  Media  Specials  Extras  Website  Internet  Pforums      Go Back | Refresh | Go Foward | Home        Fourteen Miss Perfection had begun - Miss "perfección" ha nacido  Michelle posing for the promotion of GREASE 2Michelle Pfeiffer was excited before the new challenge, her first important film, Grease 2. Everything was happening so quickly. Allan Carr produced with Robert Stigwood who had a longtime association with the Bee Gees. The group's younger brother Andy Gibb, who would later die of a drug overdose, was the image writers were given to pen their character around. Other contenders for the Michael Carrington role were Shaun Cassidy, David Cassidy's brother, Greg Evigan, who was then the star of the popular TV series BJ and the Bear, rock 'n' roller Rex Smith and singer Rick Springfield. It was Caulfield who was the casting wild card who trumped the others.  Rock star Pat Benatar, Andrea McCardle, who created the role of Annie on Broadway, Lisa Hartman, who was the 'very hot' star of television's Valley of the Dolls, and actress Kristy McNichol were all strong contenders to be the leader of the Pink Ladies. Pfeiffer was the female wild card. The casting interviews and screen tests went on for some months at a cost of around $150,000. Pfeiffer never even tested opposite Caulfield, but did so well working with Shaun Cassidy that she won the role. A role on which much of a $12 million budget was riding.  Maxwell Caulfield and Michelle Pfeiffer... not too chemistry during the filming of GREASE 2Allan Carr had his two stars. Typically, he announced that he had got them both for $100,000. Lorna Luft, Judy Garland's other daughter, was cast as the man-hungry blonde Paula Rebchuck in her film debut. And there was gimmick casting with one-time screen idol Tab Hunter and the bubbly, blonde Connie Stevens - both actors were sixties heart-throbs - cast as teachers at Rydell High.  Pat Birch had never directed a film before. 'I wanted to make Grease 2 more romantic than the first one and to celebrate greasers.' The problem was the promised dazzling charisma of her two leading players. 'I just knew the chemistry would be good between Maxwell and Michelle', predicted Birch before the film took a bath from the critics She tries to shrug off stories that Caulfield and Pfeiffer ended the film loathing each other. Caulfield, always the brash one, said, 'Michelle and I got along infamously.'  Maxell and Michelle as Mixhael Carrington and Stephany Zinone in a still of GREASE 2But during filming it was Pfeiffer who worked to make her first lead role work. She had a scene to do that did no directly involve Caulfield. But she felt it was necessary that he be on the sound stage while she was filming he scene. It helped her. The genesis of Miss Perfection had begun, Other actors on the film remember Caulfield being summoned from lunch and then returning to announce 'This time they had me sitting at the top of a fucking lad der. Michelle wanted me there. I wasn't even on camera'. Pfeiffer's intent was clearer later after she had proved such a perfectionist in film. She wanted to do her best work and true to her acting classes wanted the subject of he scene to be in her if not the camera's focus.  Pfeiffer posing during the promotion of GREASE 2There was little evidence of this determination when Pfeiffer, wearing-jeans and a white T-shirt and no make up, sat at a corner table at Gladstones 4 Fish restaurant, which sits smack on the Pacific Ocean where Sunset Boulevard dead-ends in the Pacific Coast Highway. It was the summer of 1982, and Grease 2 was about to appear on the world's cinema screens.  Pfeiffer - you wouldn't recognize her from her nineties' look - was pleasant, a little shy and wary. You wonder now if she was still shaky from her cult-devotee days. She ordered a salad -Gladstones do even the individual orders in such lavish style they could keep generations of rabbits - but only nibbled at it. The buzz words were all there. Grease 2 was part of a 'wonderful' year. She had married Peter Horton. She was 'happy' with her performance in the film and 'proud' of her work in it. She also said, 'I didn't let Grease 2 go to my head.'  Michelle in a interview on TV during the filming of the film  And then, in that early interview, she made comments that had much subtext:  'My character Stephanie is the first of her group to break away, to start to be independent. And in real life that's frightening. We laugh about it now, but everything is so serious at that age, like the end of the world ... I think that's why I became an actress. I was so dramatic. I felt everything to the extreme.'  Michelle Pfeiffer as Stephany Zinone in GREASE 2  She talked about the plot as though it were the ugly duckling turning into the swan. You have to think of her own life at that time as she said, 'Through the whole film Stephanie changes from being a tomboy kind of snot to a tough little brat. But in the end she turns into a young lady.' Allan Carr and Patricia Birch could have been typecasting without having any notion that they were doing so.  Credits: Picture #5 - Bond's Michelle Pfeiffer Web Page  chapter thirteen | chapter fifteen   Site Stats  Michelle Pfeiffer, The Face © Designed and Maintained by Fran J. González [contact] Madrid Spain. Host: The Fan-Sites Network Online since: June 2, 2002 yahoo personals contadores para web Arte sites  Besucherzahler russian women website counter    Pfeiffer Pfamily Gorgeous Pfeiffer Official Pfeiffer Admiration Location Elite Affiliates Brad Pitt | Simply Brad Claire Danes | Caire Danes Fan Diane Lane | I Heart Diane Elizabeth Perkins | Elizabeth Perkins Fan Hilary Swank | Hilary Swank Fan Julia Roberts | About Julia Madeleine Stowe | Madeleine Online Meg Ryan | Meg Ryan Network Meryl Streep | Simply Streep Natasha Richardson | Adoring Natasha Nicole Kidman | Nicole's Magic Penelope Cruz | Penelope Fan Reese Witherspoon | Glamour Reese Witherspoon Rene Russo | Rene Russo Fan Sarah Jessica Parker | Sarah Jessica Central Sharon Stone | Sharon Stone Europe Sienna Miller | Sienna Online Toni Collette | Toni Collette Online More Affliliates... Disclaimer  PfeifferTheFace is 100% unofficial. We are not in contact with Michelle Pfeiffer, her manager of her family. The site is pfan run, for the pfans. All original text and graphics belong to PfeifferTheFace, all pictures, articles, etc. are copyright to their original owners. This site is non-profit, and is in no way trying to infringe on the copyrights or businesses of any of the entities. Upcoming  Personal Effects Personal Effects (2008) Post–production Details | Images | Official Site  Cheri Cheri (2008) Filming Details | Images | Official Site Make a donation  This pfan-site needs your help to go on growing. Please, read the reasons why you should make a donation and the people who unselfishly are supporting this site, so you can be here, enjoying with us.  Why donate? | Who?  Remember the money collected will be exclusively to fund the site and all the new features.        Go Back | Refresh | Go Foward || Home || Go Top        Michelle | Home/News | NewsArchive | Extensive Biography | Quotes: She | Quotes: They | Awards | Filmography | Movies | Tv-Films | Tv-Series | Guest-Star | Video-Clips | Publicity | Box-Office Gallery | Movie Gallery | Photoshoots & Covers | Red Carpet | Magazines | Media | Videos | Wallpapers | Movie-Wallpapers | Avatars | Artwork | Specials | Walk of Fame | Forums Site Updates | Site Info | Layout & Subwebs | Awards | Internet | Affiliates | Disclaimer | Contact       Copyright © 2002-2008. PfeifferTheFace.com and PfeifferTheFace.Com/Pforum are owned and operated by Fran. All images © to their respectful owners. If you would like something removed please contact me before taking legal action. No copyright infrigement intended. eXTReMe Tracker   0
king legal action. No copyright infrigement intended. eXTReMe Tracker   0
__label__wiki 8000 Official Site of the Premier League - Barclays Premier League News, Fixtures and Results | System | Error Barclays Home > Error Premier League Home Arsenal Football Club Aston Villa Football Club Birmingham City Football Club Blackburn Rovers Football Club Bolton Wanderers Football Club Chelsea Football Club Derby County Football Club Everton Football Club Fulham Football Club Liverpool Football Club Manchester City Football Club Manchester United Football Club Middlesbrough Football Club Newcastle United Football Club Portsmouth Football Club Reading Football Club Sunderland Football Club Tottenham Hotspur Football Club West Ham United Football Club Wigan Athletic Football Club | Search  All pages     • Home   • Matchday   • Tickets   • News   • Statistics   • Games   • Features   • Premier League   • Photos   • TV   • Contact Us  Coming Soon...   Latest Headlines  Doyle signs for Wolves  Quinn backs tough pay plan  Milner pleased with progress  Germany win Under-21 final  Jacobsen joins Blackburn  Martinez tips Rodallega to shine  Skrtel backs new signing  Edwards commits to Wolves  McLeish sets sights on midfield  Alexander extends Clarets stay  News Archive >  Coming Soon...  This new section will appear shortly. Please check back later. Please note: Fixtures are subject to change. Reproduced under licence from Football DataCo Limited. All rights reserved. Licence no. NEWMEDIA/PREMLGEGE/FDCED0910/118839. Email: Send this article to a friend Print: Print this page Barclays Premier League Barclays Premier League Barclays Barclays Official Sponsor Barclays * Loans * Credit Cards * Mortgages Barclays - Official Title Sponsor Official Website Partners Budweiser Budweiser The New Football Pools The New Football Pools Wrigley's Extra Wrigley's Extra Community Initiative Creating Chances Community Initiative Abuse Likeaballs Abuse Home · Matchday · Tickets · News · Games · Features · Premier League · Photos · © 2002-2009 Premier League · Terms and Conditions · Privacy Policy 0
__label__wiki 008000 Looking after needs of players was key for Cork hurling legend Tough Barry Echo Live Logo   •    •    •    •    • Cork News     Cork Crime Cork Health Cork Education National News Politics Traffic/Transport Send us your news   • Cork Sport     Cork GAA Cork Soccer Cork Rugby Cork Basketball Cork Racing National Sport Other Sports   • Cork Lives     Nostalgia Echo130 Connect Local   • Cork Views   • Wow!   • Business   • Directory     Activities Arts & Entertainment Beauty & Fashion Charities Education & Training Health & Fitness Home & Garden / DIY Hotels & Hospitality Motors Pharmacies Recruitment Trades & Services   • Entertainment     What's On Showbiz National Entertainment   • MORE     Advertise with us Mini Marathon 2026 Find a House Find a Job Competitions Photosales Subscribe epaper Holly Bough Horoscopes Contact Us Cookie Policy Privacy Policy About Us Terms and Conditions Apps Echo podcast Echo Sport Podcast   •    •    •    • Cork News     Cork Crime Cork Health Cork Education National News Politics Traffic/Transport Send us your news   • Cork Sport     Cork GAA Cork Soccer Cork Rugby Cork Basketball Cork Racing National Sport Other Sports   • Cork Lives     Nostalgia Echo130 Connect Local   • Cork Views   • Wow!   • Business   • Directory     Activities Arts & Entertainment Beauty & Fashion Charities Education & Training Health & Fitness Home & Garden / DIY Hotels & Hospitality Motors Pharmacies Recruitment Trades & Services   • Entertainment     What's On Showbiz National Entertainment   • More     Advertise with us Mini Marathon 2026 Find a House Find a Job Competitions Photosales Subscribe epaper Holly Bough Horoscopes Contact Us Cookie Policy Privacy Policy About Us Terms and Conditions Apps Echo podcast Echo Sport Podcast   • news   • lives   • sport   • views Thu, 14 Jan, 2021 - 08:45  Looking after needs of players was key for Cork hurling legend Tough Barry  Despite not having a background in GAA, Barry led Rebels to glory Looking after needs of players was key for Cork hurling legend Tough Barry  William 'Bowler Walsh', Christy Ring and Jim 'Tough' Barry celebrate one of the four in a row All-Ireland wins for Cork hurlers in the 1940s        Dave Hannigan  DURING the build-up to the 1943 All-Ireland hurling final, newspaper reports suggested that Antrim, surprise victors over Kilkenny in the semis, had a secret weapon which they would employ to defeat Cork.  When he gathered his players around him for their first training session before the game, Jim 'Tough' Barry was unequivocal.  “Now we don’t know what the secret weapon is, but the only weapon we have is hurling, and fitness, and this is what we are going to produce.”  His confidence was well-founded.  Antrim were subsequently devoured by 5-16 to 0-4.  The victorious Cork All-Ireland team of 1943 with the late St Finbarr's legend Tom Mulcahy second from the right in the front row. Christy Ring is on his left, while on his right is Din Joe Buckley. Also in the picture are Mick Kennefick, Jim Tough Barry, Paddy O'Donovan, Con Murphy, Dr Jim Young and Willie Murphy. The victorious Cork All-Ireland team of 1943 with the late St Finbarr's legend Tom Mulcahy second from the right in the front row. Christy Ring is on his left, while on his right is Din Joe Buckley. Also in the picture are Mick Kennefick, Jim Tough Barry, Paddy O'Donovan, Con Murphy, Dr Jim Young and Willie Murphy.  The following year, Dublin provided the opposition, the last barrier to the historic four-in-a-row.  On the morning of the final, the journalist Carbery met Barry and found him relaxed and confident.  “My lads are good and very good — an obedient, honest lot of boys who did everything I told them. We’ll win alright.”  The final score was 2-13 to 1-2.  If anybody could judge when a team was ready, it was Barry.  Between 1926 and 1966, he trained 12 Cork teams to All-Ireland titles and co-trained another two.  After Cork were knocked out early in 1934, Limerick enlisted his services and they won an All-Ireland too.  “Jim was not a learned man, but he had a natural intelligence and he was a very practical psychologist,” said Eamonn Young, a member of the All-Ireland winning football team of 1945.  “He knew if there was anything wrong with you and that’s where his charitable disposition came into play.  “He radiated a benevolent personality. He loved people. I remember him saying to me, ‘I look on all of ye as my sons’.”  His record was all the more remarkable because here was a man with no inter-county pedigree of his own.  He hurled for Blackrock in his youth, but it was as a swimmer and an amateur boxer that he’d enjoyed his best days as an athlete.  You don’t have to be a greyhound to train greyhounds,” was his standard response to questions about his own lack of experience at the highest level.  A Washington Street tailor by profession, the always impeccably turned out Barry got involved with Cork in 1926 as an assistant to Packey Mahony.  When Mahony finished up three years later, Barry took over. Although never granted a formal say in the selection of teams, his opinions gained considerable weight over time.  The job specification may have been to get the players fit, but his interpretation of the role went way beyond those parameters.  “Not only did he not play but I also wouldn’t ascribe to Jim a very in-depth knowledge of all the aspects of hurling,” said Jack Lynch in an interview with Mick Dunne on RTÉ Radio.  “He had a tremendous ability to bring out the best in the team he was training. He used to do everything.  “When the training session started, he would go down to the Park to make sure the grass was cut. If it wasn’t he would kick up holy murder! He’d make sure the jerseys were washed and the towels were washed.  “After matches, win or lose, he’d always make sure that the team were sitting down to a good meal and he wouldn’t let anybody interfere.”  PLAYER WELFARE  To Barry, the welfare of his squad was paramount.  If a work situation was interfering with a player’s ability to train or prepare for a big game, he would visit the office or factory, most often seeking out the top man to plead the case of his charge.  An extremely generous individual, he’d dip into his own pocket regularly to help out anybody on the Cork scene who might have been short a few bob for whatever reason.  “He was a very sound judge of how to get a team right for the big day,” said former GAA President Con Murphy, a Cork hurler for 10 years under Barry.  “He wasn’t in the least tough, in the sense of being a hard taskmaster.  “The secret of his success was the way he managed to gain the affection and respect of the players under his charge.  “He’d know when a player had done enough and he’d tell them not to bother training that night. In the week of a match, we’d finish up with his talk to us on a Tuesday or Wednesday night and then he’d tell us not to catch the hurley again until Sunday.  “He always wanted us to keep our appetite fresh.”  During the 12-year famine after Cork’s All-Ireland win of 1954, Barry’s methods came under critical scrutiny from a public starved of success.  The most famous adage he contributed to GAA lore was the classic, 'Cork teams are like mushrooms, the come up overnight'.  In 1966, the hurlers came from nowhere to lift Liam McCarthy in the sweetest of triumphs. The old warhorse proved right again.  Read More  Leeside Legends: Jack Lynch loved hurling long after he left the game  more Cork GAA articles  Tipperary v Cork - Munster GAA Hurling Senior Championship Round 1 Cork captain Darragh Fitzgibbon to miss rest of Munster championship Mark Coleman scores a penalty 9/5/2026 Christy O'Connor on the impact black cards are having on hurling this summer Darragh Fitzgibbon and Bryan O'Mara in action 19/4/2026 John Horgan on hurling: Tipp against Clare could be the game of the season  More in this section  Cork draw with Limerick in last Munster round robin game Cork draw with Limerick in last Munster round robin game Dylan McGlade fires Cobh Ramblers back on track against Athlone Town  Dylan McGlade fires Cobh Ramblers back on track against Athlone Town  Cork Basketball: Neptune will lean on underage talent after appointing Adam Drummond as coach Cork Basketball: Neptune will lean on underage talent after appointing Adam Drummond as coach Cork GAALeeside Legends  Tipperary v Cork - Munster GAA Hurling Senior Championship Round 1  Cork captain Darragh Fitzgibbon to miss rest of Munster championship  READ NOW  Sponsored Content  City Tiles and Bathrooms: Latest trends and timeless colours City Tiles and Bathrooms: Latest trends and timeless colours Step into nature during National Biodiversity Week Step into nature during National Biodiversity Week 55 years of Cork Simon Soup Run: The light that has never gone out 55 years of Cork Simon Soup Run: The light that has never gone out  Evening Update  Keep up-to-date with the top stories in Cork with our daily newsletter straight to your inbox.  Please click here for our privacy statement.  Latest    • Cork captain Darragh Fitzgibbon to miss rest of Munster championship    • Cork draw with Limerick in last Munster round robin game    • Cork man accused of assault and criminal damage granted bail at High Court    • State spent €400,000 on hiring executive jets for Taoiseach  008000  Have you downloaded your FREE ie logo  App?  People holding phone with App  It's all about Cork!  Have you downloaded your FREE ie logo  App?  It's all about Cork!  Download Today  App Store LogoGoogle Play Logo ie logo  Cork Club Champioships  player title  Join Éamonn Murphy, Denis Hurley and Barry O'Mahony on the new season of The Echo Sport Podcast where they'll be analysing The Cork Club Championships.  ie logo  Listen     Subscribe toThe Echo - textePaper - text  Devices with Echo live  Sign up  Download your ePaper app on  App Store LogoGoogle Play Logo  National Sport    • Leinster score 11 tries in Ospreys rout to secure second place in the URC    • Man City celebrate FA Cup glory as Antoine Semenyo strike sees off Chelsea    • Celtic crush Hearts’ dreams as late win clinches fifth straight title    • Kate O'Connor enjoying staying busy after breakthrough 2025 FOLLOW ECHO Created with Sketch.Created with Sketch. Cork News   • Cork Crime   • Cork Health   • Cork Education   • National News   • Politics   • Traffic/Transport   • Send us your news   • Send a letter Cork Sport   • Cork GAA   • Cork Soccer   • Cork Rugby   • Cork Basketball   • Cork Racing   • National Sport   • Other Sports Cork Lives   • Nostalgia   • Wow! Cork Views Business   • Directory Entertainment   • What's On   • Showbiz   • National Entertainment   • Horoscopes   • Competitions  Follow Us    •    •  Services   • Advertise with us   • Mini Marathon 2026   • Find a House   • Find a Job   • Competitions   • Photosales Our Partners   • Irish Examiner   • Breaking News   • RecruitIreland.com Support   • Echo podcast   • Horoscopes   • Contact Us   • Cookie Policy   • Privacy Policy   • About Us   • Cookie settings   • Apps  Echo Live Logo  © Examiner Echo Group Limited, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. Registered in Ireland: 523712.  Contact Us Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions  © Examiner Echo Group Limited  Echo Live Logo  Add Echolive.ie to your home screen - easy access to Cork news, views, sport and more  0
__label__wiki 9391 Azerbaijan: Party of Democratic Reforms to hold session in Baku, Today.az (2008) —  Skip to content. | Skip to navigation    • Subscribe to the ACE Newsletter  Advanced Search…   • English   Home Encyclopaedia Comparative Data Electoral Materials Support and Advice Regions & Countries About ACE Personal tools   • Log in   • Practitioners' Network You are here: Home → Regions & Countries → Countries and Territories → Azerbaijan → News → Azerbaijan: Party of Democratic Reforms to hold session in Baku, Today.az (2008)   Practitioner Login     English   Subscribe to ACE Newsletter These topic pages provide a quick overview and easy access to all content that can be found on ACE for any give topic of interest - weather encyclopaedia files, electoral materials, comparative data, consolidated replies, case studies, or other.  ELECTORAL FRAMEWORK  Legal Framework Boundary Delimitation Electoral Systems  ELECTORAL PARTICIPATION  Gender and Elections Parties and Candidates Disability and Elections Media and Elections Civic and Voter Education Direct Democracy  ELECTORAL MANAGEMENT  Electoral Management Cost of Elections  ELECTORAL INTEGRITY  Electoral Integrity Campaign Finance Measuring Electoral Quality Election Observation Electoral Assistance  ELECTORAL OPERATIONS  Voter Registration Voting Operations Voter Identification Results Management Out of Country Voting Elections and Technology Elections and Security Countries Encyclopaedia Electoral Materials Comparative Data Election Calendar Observation Portal BRIDGE Extended Learning Latest Updates Ask the Experts Consolidated Replies Find An Expert Access ACE Practitioners' Workspace About ACE The History of ACE Contact ACE ACE Partners Practitioners' Network FAQ  Azerbaijan Azerbaijan    Info  Azerbaijan: Party of Democratic Reforms to hold session in Baku, Today.az (2008)  The session of the Party of Democratic Reforms, functioning in Azerbaijan, will be held on July 19, said spokesman for the party Ulkar Abdullayeva. One of the discussed questions will be the issue of the form of the party's participation in the upcoming presidential elections.  The link address is: http://www.today.az/news/politics/46422.html  Document Actions   • EISA - Promoting Credible Elections & Democratic Governance in Africa   • Elections Canada   • IFES   • International IDEA   • United Nations. Electoral Assistance Division (EAD)   • INE - Instituto Nacional Electoral   • United Nations Development Programme   • The Carter Center   • Contact   • Privacy Policy   • Terms of Use   • Accessibility   • Site Map   • Copyright and Disclaimer  © 1998-2026 ACE project  0
__label__wiki Skip to main content SB NationSB Nation logo Come Fight With UsSunday, May 17, 2026 MMA Fighting homepageMMA FightingMMA Fighting Logo   • The Feed   • UFC   • MMA News   • Betting     • Online Sports Betting     • UFC Odds   • Podcasts   • Schedule     • Fight Schedule     • Fight Results   • Rankings   • Sections     • Results     • Boxing     • Bellator     • Videos   • Newsletters   • About Navigation Drawer   • Login     /     Sign Up   • VideoWatch   • PodcastListen   • In Five GamesPlay   • The Feed   • UFC   • MMA News     • Online Sports Betting     • UFC Odds   • Podcasts     • Fight Schedule     • Fight Results   • Rankings     • Results     • Boxing     • Bellator     • Videos   • Newsletters   • About   • Community Guidelines   • All communities   • Facebook   • Twitter   • Youtube   • RSS Community LogoMMA Fighting World MMA Awards 2010 Winners   • News  World MMA Awards 2010 Winners  by Bryan Tucker Dec 2, 2010, 3:00 AM UTC Bryan Tucker is the managing editor-in-chief of MMA Fighting and the executive director of combat sports at SB Nation. He has led MMA Fighting since 2009. Randy Couture will hose the World MMA Awards 2010.  LAS VEGAS – MMA Fighting will have World MMA Awards 2010 winners and results live tonight from The Pearl at The Palms Casino Resort. This is the third year for the awards program, which was created in 2008 by Fighters Only magazine. Nominees and eventual winners are determined by online fan voting in categories such as Fighter of the Year, Knockout of the Year and Breakthrough Fighter of the Year, as well as non-fight specific categories like Ring Girl of the Year and Most Memorable Ring Entrance. Last year’s winners included UFC president Dana White as Leading Man of the Year, Georges St-Pierre for Fighter of the Year and Brock Lesnar for Breakthrough Fighter of the Year. At the 2010 awards, MMA Fighting is nominated for Best Media Source, and MMA Fighting’s Ariel Helwani is up for MMA Journalist of the Year. This year’s show is being hosted by UFC Hall of Famer Randy Couture with co-host Molly Qerim from the Versus network. The awards will stream live at Versus.com starting at 10:30 p.m. Eastern on Wednesday. An edited one-hour highlights version of the show will air on Versus on Dec. 9 at 10 p.m. Eastern. MMA Fighting will update here throughout the night as the winners are announced, and we’ll have behind-the-scenes comments from the winners, as well. The show is a little late getting started, but should be underway soon. Lots of MMA celebrities – and mainstream celebs, too – on hand tonight at The Palms. Referee of the Year Herb Dean John McCarthy Dan Miragliotta Josh Rosenthal Mario Yamasaki WINNER: Herb Dean Herb thanks the best sport on earth and the best athletes on earth for his win. Best Technical Clothing Brand Bad Boy Hayabusa Jaco TapouT Venum WINNER: Bad Boy Best Technical Equipment Brand Everlast Fairtex Hayabusa TapouT Venum WINNER: Everlast Media Source of the Year Inside MMA MMA Fighting MMA Junkie MMA Weekly Sherdog WINNER: MMA Junkie Congrats to the folks at MMA Junkie. This is their third nomination and third win. Best Promotion Bellator DREAM Strikeforce UFC WEC WINNER: UFC Submission of the Year Fabricio Werdum vs. Fedor Emelianenko, Strikeforce: Fedor vs. Werdum Cole Miller vs. Dan Lauzon, UFC 108 Chris Leben vs. Yoshihiro Akiyama, UFC 116 Matt Hughes vs. Ricardo Almeida, UFC 117 Anderson Silva vs. Chael Sonnen, UFC 117 WINNER: Fabricio Werdum vs. Fedor Emelianenko, Strikeforce: Fedor vs. Werdum Gym of the Year American Kickboxing Academy American Top Team Black House Greg Jackson Wand Fight Team WINNER: Wand Fight Team MMA Journalist of the Year Conner Cordova, MMA Religion Gareth A. Davies, The Daily Telegraph Ariel Helwani, MMA Fighting John Morgan, MMA Junkie Aaron Teweles, Freelance Journalist WINNER: Ariel Helwani, MMA Fighting Well ... we’ll let bias come into play, just for a second. Obviously major congrats to MMA Fighting’s very own Ariel Helwani. Great speech, dedicating his win to all the fighters, as well as to the media outlets and bosses that help him pursue his dream of being an MMA journalist. Coach of the Year Rafael Cordeiro Cesar Gracie Greg Jackson Shawn Tompkins Firas Zahabi WINNER: Greg Jackson Best Lifestyle Clothing Brand Affliction FightChix RVCA Silver Star TapouT WINNER: TapouT International Fighter of the Year Shinya Aoki John Hathaway Dan Hardy Alistair Overeem George Sotiropoulos WINNER: Alistair Overeem Overeem is in Japan for K-1 and accepts his award via a pre-taped speech. Ring Girl of the Year Arianny Celeste Rachelle Leah Brittney Palmer Chandella Powell Natalie Skyy WINNER: Arianny Celeste Leading Man of the Year Scott Coker Bjorn Rebney Michael Schiavello Joe Silva Dana White WINNER: Dana White Dana White repeats in the category. No tux for him. He’s wearing the same thing he always wears. But I guess that’s allowed. Dana thanks the fans, naturally. Most Memorable Ring Entrance Clay Guida Muhammad “King Mo” Lawal Tom Lawlor Jason Miller Anderson Silva WINNER: Jason Miller The show behind the show: Miller was back here in the post-win media room snagging a free water and realized his category was up. He was walking out as he won the award and was late getting to the stage ... entrance winner, indeed. Fight of the Year Jorge Santiago vs. Kazuo Misaki, Sengoku 14 Chris Leben vs. Yoshihiro Akiyama, UFC 116 Brock Lesnar vs. Shane Carwin, UFC 116 Anderson Silva vs. Chael Sonnen, UFC 117 Chan Sung Jung vs. Leonard Garcia, WEC 48 WINNER: Anderson Silva vs. Chael Sonnen, UFC 117 Awkward timing that Silva and Sonnen get this award the day before Sonnen’s hearing for his performance enhancing drugs suspension. Silva accepts via a taped segment. Female Fighter of the Year Zoila Frausto Megumi Fujii Sarah Kaufman Cristiane Santos Miesha Tate WINNER: Cristiane Santos Knockout of the Year Cain Velasquez vs. Antonio Nogueira, UFC 110 Lyoto Machida vs. Mauricio Rua, UFC 113 Mike Russow vs. Todd Duffee, UFC 114 Rich Franklin vs. Chuck Liddell, UFC 115 Anthony Njokuani vs. Chris Horodecki, WEC 45 WINNER: Mauricio Rua over Lyoto Machida, UFC 113 Breakthrough Fighter of the Year Evan Dunham John Hathaway Jon Jones Charles Oliveira George Sotiropoulos WINNER: Jon Jones The Charles ‘Mask’ Lewis Fighter of the Year Jose Aldo Frankie Edgar Brock Lesnar Mauricio Rua Anderson Silva WINNER: Jose Aldo  See More:   • News  MMA Fighting  A daily roundup of UFC and MMA news and results  By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Advertiser Content From Sponsor Logo  This is the title for the native ad  Sponsor thumbnail  More in News  Thad Jean, Shamil Musaev square off for vacant PFL welterweight title on July 25 May 14 Thad Jean, Shamil Musaev square off for vacant PFL welterweight title on July 25 Yoel Romero vs. Hector Lombard set for Gamebred Bareknuckle MMA matchup Apr 11 Yoel Romero vs. Hector Lombard set for Gamebred Bareknuckle MMA matchup Gable Steveson trusts Jon Jones to lead him to the greatest heights in combat sports: ‘He knows best’ Apr 2 Gable Steveson trusts Jon Jones to lead him to the greatest heights in combat sports: ‘He knows best’ Video: Ronda Rousey and Gina Carano face off for the first time Mar 10 Video: Ronda Rousey and Gina Carano face off for the first time Anything but fighting: Ricky Turcios loves Dragon Ball Z, Full Metal Alchemist, More Mar 2 Anything but fighting: Ricky Turcios loves Dragon Ball Z, Full Metal Alchemist, More PFL CEO addresses potential superfight between Dakota Ditcheva and Cris Cyborg Feb 19 PFL CEO addresses potential superfight between Dakota Ditcheva and Cris Cyborg NewsMay 14 Thad Jean, Shamil Musaev square off for vacant PFL welterweight title on July 25Thad Jean, Shamil Musaev square off for vacant PFL welterweight title on July 25 NewsMay 14 Thad Jean, Shamil Musaev square off for vacant PFL welterweight title on July 25  The PFL announced that Thad Jean takes on Shamil Musaev for the vacant PFL welterweight title this summer  By Jed Meshew Latest NewsApr 11 Yoel Romero vs. Hector Lombard set for Gamebred Bareknuckle MMA matchupYoel Romero vs. Hector Lombard set for Gamebred Bareknuckle MMA matchup Latest NewsApr 11 Yoel Romero vs. Hector Lombard set for Gamebred Bareknuckle MMA matchup  Jorge Masvidal announced that Yoel Romero will face Hector Lombard in a bare-knuckle MMA fight in May.  By Mike Heck UFCApr 2 Gable Steveson trusts Jon Jones to lead him to the greatest heights in combat sports: ‘He knows best’Gable Steveson trusts Jon Jones to lead him to the greatest heights in combat sports: ‘He knows best’ UFCApr 2 Gable Steveson trusts Jon Jones to lead him to the greatest heights in combat sports: ‘He knows best’  Gable Steveson helped Jon Jones get ready for Stipe Miocic and now counts him as a friend and coach  By Damon Martin NewsMar 10 Video: Ronda Rousey and Gina Carano face off for the first timeVideo: Ronda Rousey and Gina Carano face off for the first time NewsMar 10 Video: Ronda Rousey and Gina Carano face off for the first time  Ronda Rousey and Gina Carano will fight on May 16 in MMA  By Jed Meshew VideosMar 2 Anything but fighting: Ricky Turcios loves Dragon Ball Z, Full Metal Alchemist, MoreAnything but fighting: Ricky Turcios loves Dragon Ball Z, Full Metal Alchemist, More VideosMar 2 Anything but fighting: Ricky Turcios loves Dragon Ball Z, Full Metal Alchemist, More  Ahead of UFC 326, Ricky Turcios joins MMA Fighting’s José Youngs to discuss his love for anime, Dragon Ball Z, Full Metal Alchemist, and more.  By Joseph Youngs and José Youngs PFLFeb 19 PFL CEO addresses potential superfight between Dakota Ditcheva and Cris CyborgPFL CEO addresses potential superfight between Dakota Ditcheva and Cris Cyborg PFLFeb 19 PFL CEO addresses potential superfight between Dakota Ditcheva and Cris Cyborg  Dakota Ditcheva is recovering from a hand injury that prevented her from fighting at PFL Dubai  By Damon Martin Advertiser Content From Sponsor Logo  This is the title for the native ad  The Latest  53 minutes ago Reaction: Dana White announces Conor McGregor vs. Max Holloway 2 during MVP MMA card﻿Podcast Two hours ago ‘Glad I didn’t have to pay for that’: Pros react to Ronda Rousey’s anticlimactic win over Gina Carano at MVP MMA Two hours ago Ronda Rousey needs just 17 seconds to tap out Gina Carano with signature armbar submission Two hours ago Ronda Rousey vs. Gina Carano full fight video highlights Two hours ago Ronda Rousey vs. Gina Carano MVP MMA live blog Two hours ago Rousey vs. Carano salaries: Ronda Rousey, Gina Carano and Francis Ngannou earn 7-figure paydays MMA Fighting: UFC, Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) News, Results Logo   • Facebook   • Twitter   • Youtube   • RSS   • The Feed   • Masthead   • Community Guidelines   • Facebook   • Twitter   • YouTube   • Contact   • Have a news tip?   • Browse Communities   • SB Nation Staff   • Job Opportunities   • Editorial Ethics & Guidelines   • DMCA Policy   • Privacy Policy   • Terms of Use   • Cookie Policy   • Licensing   • Accessibility   • Platform Status  © 2026 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved  Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
y 25Thad Jean, Shamil Musaev square off for vacant PFL welterweight title on July 25 NewsMay 14 Thad Jean, Shamil Musaev square off for vacant PFL welterweight title on July 25  The PFL announced that Thad Jean takes on Shamil Musaev for the vacant PFL welterweight title this summer  By Jed Meshew Latest NewsApr 11 Yoel Romero vs. Hector Lombard set for Gamebred Bareknuckle MMA matchupYoel Romero vs. Hector Lombard set for Gamebred Bareknuckle MMA matchup Latest NewsApr 11 Yoel Romero vs. Hector Lombard set for Gamebred Bareknuckle MMA matchup  Jorge Masvidal announced that Yoel Romero will face Hector Lombard in a bare-knuckle MMA fight in May.  By Mike Heck UFCApr 2 Gable Steveson trusts Jon Jones to lead him to the greatest heights in combat sports: ‘He knows best’Gable Steveson trusts Jon Jones to lead him to the greatest heights in combat sports: ‘He knows best’ UFCApr 2 Gable Steveson trusts Jon Jones to lead him to the greatest heights in combat sports: ‘He knows best’  Gable Steveson helped Jon Jones get ready for Stipe Miocic and now counts him as a friend and coach  By Damon Martin NewsMar 10 Video: Ronda Rousey and Gina Carano face off for the first timeVideo: Ronda Rousey and Gina Carano face off for the first time NewsMar 10 Video: Ronda Rousey and Gina Carano face off for the first time  Ronda Rousey and Gina Carano will fight on May 16 in MMA  By Jed Meshew VideosMar 2 Anything but fighting: Ricky Turcios loves Dragon Ball Z, Full Metal Alchemist, MoreAnything but fighting: Ricky Turcios loves Dragon Ball Z, Full Metal Alchemist, More VideosMar 2 Anything but fighting: Ricky Turcios loves Dragon Ball Z, Full Metal Alchemist, More  Ahead of UFC 326, Ricky Turcios joins MMA Fighting’s José Youngs to discuss his love for anime, Dragon Ball Z, Full Metal Alchemist, and more.  By Joseph Youngs and José Youngs PFLFeb 19 PFL CEO addresses potential superfight between Dakota Ditcheva and Cris CyborgPFL CEO addresses potential superfight between Dakota Ditcheva and Cris Cyborg PFLFeb 19 PFL CEO addresses potential superfight between Dakota Ditcheva and Cris Cyborg  Dakota Ditcheva is recovering from a hand injury that prevented her from fighting at PFL Dubai  By Damon Martin Advertiser Content From Sponsor Logo  This is the title for the native ad  The Latest  53 minutes ago Reaction: Dana White announces Conor McGregor vs. Max Holloway 2 during MVP MMA card﻿Podcast Two hours ago ‘Glad I didn’t have to pay for that’: Pros react to Ronda Rousey’s anticlimactic win over Gina Carano at MVP MMA Two hours ago Ronda Rousey needs just 17 seconds to tap out Gina Carano with signature armbar submission Two hours ago Ronda Rousey vs. Gina Carano full fight video highlights Two hours ago Ronda Rousey vs. Gina Carano MVP MMA live blog Two hours ago Rousey vs. Carano salaries: Ronda Rousey, Gina Carano and Francis Ngannou earn 7-figure paydays MMA Fighting: UFC, Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) News, Results Logo   • Facebook   • Twitter   • Youtube   • RSS   • The Feed   • Masthead   • Community Guidelines   • Facebook   • Twitter   • YouTube   • Contact   • Have a news tip?   • Browse Communities   • SB Nation Staff   • Job Opportunities   • Editorial Ethics & Guidelines   • DMCA Policy   • Privacy Policy   • Terms of Use   • Cookie Policy   • Licensing   • Accessibility   • Platform Status  © 2026 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved  Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
__label__wiki AllAfrica English (current) En Français   • Toggle navigation   • My Account Toggle navigation AllAfrica My Account English (current) En Français  Zambia: Clever Silavwe Fired  24 October 2006 The Times of Zambia (Ndola)  PRESIDENT Levy Mwanawasa has with immediate effect terminated the services of Northern Province Minister Clever Silavwe.  The decision to terminate Mr Silavwe's appointment has been done in the national interest. He was re-appointed two weeks ago at the first Press conference by the President since his re-election.  ...  AllAfrica Subscription Content  You must be an allAfrica.com subscriber for full access to certain content.  You have selected an article from the AllAfrica archive, which requires a subscription. You can subscribe by visiting our subscription page. Or for more information about becoming a subscriber, you can read our subscription and contribution overview.  For information about our premium subscription services:   • Individuals   • Educational Institutions   • Global Institutions and Corporations  You can also freely access - without a subscription - hundreds of today's top Africa stories and thousands of recent news articles from our home page »  Already a subscriber? Sign in for full access to article  Sign In Forgot your password? Having trouble logging in? Contact Us.  Tagged:   • Zambia   • Southern Africa Copyright © 2006 The Times of Zambia. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media (allAfrica.com). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections — or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here.  AllAfrica publishes around 600 reports a day from more than 90 news organizations and over 500 other institutions and individuals, representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct.  Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica. To address comments or complaints, please Contact us.  AllAfrica is a voice of, by and about Africa - aggregating, producing and distributing 600 news and information items daily from over 90 African news organizations and our own reporters to an African and global public. We operate from Cape Town, Dakar, Abuja, Johannesburg, Nairobi and Washington DC.    • Support our work   • Sign up for our newsletter   • For Advertisers   • Subscribe Get it on Google Play Download on the App Store   • © 2026 AllAfrica   • Privacy Policy   • Contact Us   • About Us AllAfrica - All the Time  Sign up for free AllAfrica Newsletters  Get the latest in African news delivered straight to your inbox  By submitting above, you agree to our privacy policy.  Success!  Almost finished...  We need to confirm your email address.  To complete the process, please follow the instructions in the email we just sent you.  Error!  Error!  There was a problem processing your submission. Please try again later.
__label__wiki 1A84 Justin Timberlake And Jay-Z Confirm 'Legends Of The Summer' 2013 Stadium Tour? - Capital     Skip to content     skip to navigation      Capital      Listen      On Air Now      Lydia Rodford 5am - 9am      Lydia Rodford      Now Playing      Think About Us Sonny Fodera, D.O.D & Poppy Baskcomb Download 'Think About Us' on iTunes      Think About Us artwork     • Last Played Songs     • Schedule     • Home     • Choose your location     • Radio     • News     • Artists     • Charity     • Store     • TV & Film     • Music     • Celebrity     • Capital Buzz     • Internet     • Events     • Win     • Follow us on:       Follow Capital on Facebook       Follow Capital on Instagram       Follow Capital on Youtube      Artists      Justin Timberlake      • Justin Timberlake Home     • News     • Photos     • Videos     • Music     • More Artists      Justin Timberlake And Jay-Z Confirm 'Legends Of The Summer' 2013 Stadium Tour?      22 February 2013, 14:23      Facebook share      The 'SexyBack' singer and the rapper will apparently head out on a 12-date jaunt across a series of US cities.      Justin Timberlake and Jay-Z have reportedly teased details of an apparent joint summer tour for 2013.      Rumours of a stadium outing between the two stars have been rife for weeks with the rapper taking to his Life + Times blog to post a series of venues tagged with the note #LegendsOfSummer this week.      If confirmed, the pair will play 12 dates across the US this summer including the famous New York Yankee Stadium and Fenway Park in Boston.      No dates or further countries have been teased as of yet – with fans on Twitter anticipating an imminent announcement confirming the reports soon.      It was also recently announced that the pair will co-headline this summer's Wireless Festival at the Olympic Park in London.       Check out a full list of the teased tour venues below:      Yankee Stadium, Bronx, New York     Hershey Park Stadium, Hershey, Pennsylvania     Citizen Bank Park, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania     M&T Bank Stadium, Baltimore, Maryland     Soldier Field, Chicago, Illinois     Ford Field, Detroit, Michigan     Rose Bowl Stadium, Pasadena, California     Candlestick Park, San Francisco, California     Sun Life Stadium, Miami, Florida     Fenway Park, Boston, Massachusetts     BC Place Stadium, Vancouver, Canada     Rogers Center, Toronto, Canada      Meanwhile, Justin performed his new song 'Mirrors' for the first time at the BRIT Awards 2013 this week as well as his own headline show at The Forum in Kentish Town.      Facebook share      Justin Timberlake Music      See more Justin Timberlake Music      Like I Love You artwork     Like I Love You     Justin Timberlake     Download on 2B40 iTunes     Signs artwork     Signs     Snoop Dogg / Justin Timberlake     Like I Love You artwork     Like I Love You     Justin Timberlake     SexyBack artwork     SexyBack     Justin Timberlake     Download 'SexyBack' on iTunes      Justin Timberlake News      See more Justin Timberlake News      Hailey Bieber responds to hate with sweet comment      Hailey Bieber responds to hate with sweet comment      News      Justin Timberlake Videos      See more Justin Timberlake Videos      Hailey Bieber's dad says Jack Blues in 'unbelievably cute'      Hailey Bieber's Dad Reveals When Baby Jack Blues Bieber Will Make His First Public Appearance      News      Justin Timberlake Pictures      See more Justin Timberlake Pictures      Justin Timberlake at the Summertime Ball 2013      Justin Timberlake At The Summertime Ball 2013 - Pictures      Back to top      Also on Capital FM      • Love Island     • MAFS Australia     • Taylor Swift     • Competition Terms and Conditions     • Capital Breakfast with Jordan North, Chris Stark and Sian Welby     • Capital Dance     • Capital Anthems     • Capital Buzz     • Bridgerton     • Podcasts     • Topics     • New Music     • Married at First Sight UK     • Listen to Global Player     • How to listen to Capital Chill     • Global Academy     • Netflix     • One Direction     • Harry Styles     • Capital Playlist      Useful Links      • Contact Us     • Help     • How To Listen     • Company Details     • Cookies     • Public File     • Privacy     • Terms & Conditions     • Advertise     • Global Careers     • Smooth Spins Casino     • Heart Bingo      Download the app      Get it on the app store Get it on Google Play      Follow Us      Follow Capital on Facebook     Follow Capital on Instagram     Follow Capital on Youtube     © Global 2026     30 Leicester Square, London, WC2H 7LA     Privacy Manager     0
__label__wiki Skip to contentToday's paper Newsday Long IslandSportsNewsRestaurantsOpinionBusinessThings to DoSchoolsObituariesNewsday TVSearch  The page you requested is not available.  The page you are looking for might have been removed, had its name changed, or is temporarily unavailable.  Please try the following:    • If you typed the page address in the Address bar, make sure that it is spelled correctly.   • Open the www.newsday.com home page and look for links to the information you want.   • Use the navigation bar on the top to find the link you are looking for.   • Click the Back button to try another link.   • Enter a term in the search to look for information on newsday sites or the Internet.   • Please contact us to report a bad link or technical issue.  Stay logged in.  The Newsday app makes it easier to access content without having to log in.  in the app Didn't find what you were looking for?  Quick Links  About UsSubscribeToday's paperEmail newslettersNewsday LiveCareersManage my accountMobile & TV appsContestsArchives  Advertising  Media KitBrand 360Newsday ProductionsNewsday ConnectClassifiedsPublic Notices  News  Long IslandSportsOpinionPoliticsNewsBusinessTownsHigh school sports  Featured  FunbookObituariesCrosswordsThings to DoEntertainmentRestaurantsFamilyTravelNextLI  Terms of service | Subscription terms | Privacy Policy | California Privacy Rights | About Us | Contact Newsday | Reprints & permissions | Advertise with Newsday | Help | AI policy |  Your Privacy Choices  Copyright ©2026 Newsday. All rights reserved.
__label__wiki 8000 Diehard GameFAN | Tabletop Review: Spelljammer: Adventures in Space (Advanced Dungeons & Dragons, Second Edition) Movies TV Comics Wrestling Games MMA/Boxing Figures Tabletop Review: Spelljammer: Adventures in Space (Advanced Dungeons & Dragons, Second Edition) by Alex Lucard on March 7, 2014 Tweet  Spelljammer: Adventures in Space (Advanced Dungeons & Dragons 2nd Edition) Publisher: Wizards of the Coast Page Count: 248 Pages across two books Cost: $9.99 Release Date: 03/04/2014 (Originally 1989) Get it Here: DNDClassics.com  Wow. I can’t express how happy I am to have the Spelljammer: Adventures in Space boxed set once again available to the public. Sure it’s in PDF form instead of in a fun box, but you can’t lose the maps and ship handouts with a digital copy like twelve year old me did with the physical version. Spelljammer is just such a fun and fantastic idea and along with Planescape and Ravenloft, it remains one of my three big campaign settings for Advanced Dungeons & Dragons and is a big part of why 2e is my favorite version of D&D.  Spelljammer somehow manages to change everything you know about D&D while still holding true to the mechanics and core ideas of the game. Through it, you can have a wonderful blend of sci-fi filtered through a high fantasy lens along with the ability to travel from say Oerth to Krynn and then on to Toril. It’s really a wonderful idea and in fact, one started by Gary Gygax himself with Expedition to the Barrier Peaks. After all this earlier OD&D adventure had characters entering a sci-fi location with strange aliens and technological marvels a plenty. What Spelljammer did was simply flesh out the sci-fi aspects of Advanced Dungeons & Dragons while still making them work with wizardry and iron age combat. Spelljammer is the setting where Beholders and Mind Flayers were given complete ecologies, histories and homeworld. It’s the setting where the tinker gnomes of Dragonlance were given a serious look. It’s where Lizardmen were first treated as a playable PC race. It’s the setting that gave us Giffs, Neogi, my beloved Rastipedes and of course GIANT SPACE HAMSTERS. I could go on for hours about everything that makes Spelljammer so entertaining, but suffice to say, the fact that you are getting the full boxed set for only $9.99 makes this not only a must buy, but perhaps the biggest bargain on DNDclassics.com  Spelljammer: Adventures in Space gives you two core books. You get The Concordance of Arcane Space and Lorebook of the Void. The original physical boxed set also came with eleven handouts and four maps. These are now included with The Concordance of Arcane Space‘s PDF. Everything looks as crisp, clear and colorful as with the original print copies and it’s easy to read all of these on either computers or e-readers like a Kindle Fire. Now, the maps and handouts are only the size of a regular page now that they are in PDF form, but that’s a minor kibble at best.  The book you should read first is The Concordance of Arcane Space as it gives you the introduction to Spelljammer. Here you get an overview of the setting and what to expect from it. This is where terms like Wildspace, Phlogiston Spheres and other Spelljammer specific jargon gets explained for the very first time. Even if you never play a Spelljammer campaign, the explanation for everything is just so fascinating, fun and imaginative, that you’ll enjoy reading it. I can’t believe how fresh this feels even twenty five years later. Rules for air quality, gravity, temperature and time are all things that you’ll find in The Concordance of Arcane Space – mechanics you’d never need or even think of for other campaign settings.  Although most of the playable new races are found in The Complete Spacefarer’s Handbook, you will find rules for Lizardmen PCs here. You’ll also find some very important rules for playing a Cleric in Spelljammer and how it can be quite hard to gain spells outside of you God’s sphere of influence. Conjuring and Summoning spells also take on different characteristics. Fire however may have the biggest impediment. This means a lot of common spells and especially healing magic take on a new twist, causing players to think different about what kind of a character to make and the tactics they will use.  Of course, what would Spelljammer be without rules for how to buy and/or build your own ship? That’s all in here too. Of course, building a ship is extremely expensive and you have to maintain a crew to boot. This means Spelljammer is an excellent way for long running characters to use that hard gained loot that is just sitting around somewhere. You’ll also find rules for ship on ship combat, saving throws for all sorts of potential hull materials, crew based morale checks and interplanetary travel.  The last thing we’ll look at in The Concordance of Arcane Space is “The Rock of Brawl,” which gives DMs and players alike their first playable Spelljammer location, complete with story seeds, a cast of memorable characters. There is a lot of great stuff here and the map still looks great. The map does have one minor problem with it though. In coverting it from an oversized map from the boxed set into a standard PDF page, the words “The Lesser Market” and “Dungeon” are warped and blurry. There’s also a red dotted line going through the entire map towards the top. A minor quibble, but one purists might grumble over.  Now let’s talk The Lorebook of the Void. This second book in the “boxed” set is also a lot of fun. The first chapter in the book gives DMs a lot of ideas and suggestions for running a campaign in space as well as one that flitters between worlds. You are also given a glossary of terms and a fun ideas on making alien versions of common D&D creatures. One great example is the Beholder bartender who has a Detect Lie eye instead of the Death Ray one. This lets it be an effective bartender and patrons don’t have to worry about being killed instantly. They do have to worry about disintegration or petrification if they don’t pay their tab however…  Chapter Two is all about Spelljammer vessels. You’re given a whole host of crafts along with their stats. These are common spacefaring vessels and should help DMs running a Spelljammer campaign immensely. The Gnomish Sidewheeler and Neogi Mindspider are amongst my favorites. Chapter Three is entitled “Spacefarers” and it talks about the culture of various D&D races in space. You get a really nice look at all the PC and NPC races common to the game, regardless of setting and how alien versions might be different from established worlds. Goblins, Ogres, Giants, Centaur, Dragons and even Undead have their own listings here. Of note are the entries for Mind Flayers and Beholder, as this is the book and setting that really defined both as a species instead of just creepy looking antagonists. Lycanthropes too have a long and highly detailed section in this chapter – for obvious reasons. The chapter then ends with Monstrous Compendium entries for a lot of creatures, all of which are tremendously entertaining and worth using. Chapter Four is “Known Spheres” and it talks about the core D&D worlds: Krynn, Toril and Oerth, along with important planets or moons within their sphere. That, my friends, is the entire book.  So yes, you’re getting all this plus maps and handouts for under ten bucks. It’s a terrific deal and one any D&D fan can make great use of. Even if you don’t play Second Edition AD&D, the ideas, mechanics and creatures presented here can be applied to any version of the game with a little effort and the end result will be well worth it. Out of everything on DNDclassics.com so far, this is by far my favorite offering (so far) and with a little luck, it will be yours too. Now, let’s see those Ravenloft and Planescape boxed sets on the site as well, am I right?     Tags: AD&D, Dungeons & Dragons  Related Archive Articles  more articles »  Book Review: Night of the Hunter: Companions Codex, Book 8000 I (Dungeons & Dragons)  Tabletop Review: Spelljammer: Adventures in Space (Advanced Dungeons & Dragons, Second Edition)  Tabletop Review: The World of Fatherail: The Shadow's Dungeon (Pathfinder)  Review: The Witch and the Hundred Knight (Sony Playstation 3)  Alex Lucard  view profile » Alexander Lucard is the Editor-in-Chief of Diehard GameFAN and Director of Operations for the InsidePulse network. He has worked in video game journalism since 2002 and is also a paid consultant for Konami and The Pokemon Company. Alex has previously written for Tips N Tricks, Gamespot, White Wolf, TSR, Wizards of the Coast, Eden Studios, 411mania, Not a True Ending and more. His writing can also be found in the monthly periodicals Massive Online Gamer and Pokemon Collector Magazine.  Follow on Twitter · Follow on Facebook · Email Alex Lucard  Recent Posts »  Tweets by @diehardgamefan  Featured Writers  Alex Lucard    • » Tabletop Review: Spelljammer: Adventures in Space (Advanced Dungeons & Dragons, Second Edition)   • » Tabletop Review: The World of Fatherail: The Shadow's Dungeon (Pathfinder)      • Mark B.    • » Walkthrough: Dangan Ronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc   • » Book Review: The Art of Titanfall      • Sean Madson    • » Diehard GameCAST: Episode 46 - Bravely Default, Danganronpa, Persona 4 Golden, Jazzpunk, and more!   • » Review: Donkey Kong Country: Tropical Freeze (Nintendo Wii U)      • Aaron Sirois    • » Review: Antisquad (PC)   • » Review: King Oddball (Sony PlayStation Vita)      • Ashe Collins    • » Book Review: Night of the Hunter: Companions Codex, Book I (Dungeons & Dragons)   • » Review: The Witch and the Hundred Knight (Sony Playstation 3)      • Michael O'Reilly    • » Review: Assassins Creed 4: Black Flag DLC Freedom Cry (Playstation 4)   • » Review: Killzone Shadow Fall (Sony PlayStation 4)      • Aileen Coe    • » Capcom Working On New Ace Attorney Game   • » Pokemon Bank Comes to North America      • Robert Hubbs    • » DHGF Interview: Codebrush Games   • » Review: Nidhogg (PC)      • Crystal Steltenpohl    • » Review: Inazuma Eleven (Nintendo 3DS)   • » What’s New This Month in Animal Crossing: New Leaf – March      • Matt Yeager    • » Review: LocoCycle (Xbox 360)   • » Review: Jazzpunk (PC)      • Recent Comments      Search Pulse      Author:      Zone:      Category:      more news » < 4e23 /div>     Super Smash Bros for Wii U and 3DS - Semi Auto Finishers »     Multiple Persona Titles Coming to North America »     Super Smash Bros for Wii U and 3DS - Diddy Kong Cartwheels In »      Movies       Movie Reviews     Blu Ray Reviews     DVD Reviews     Box Office      TV       News     Reviews     Spoilers     Features      Comics       Marvel     DC Comics     Figures     Features      Wrestling       News     Reviews     Columns     Features      MMA/Boxing       MMA News     MMA Columns     Boxing News     Boxing Columns      Video Games       Reviews     News     Columns     Features      Sports       News     Reviews     Columns     Features      More       Figures     Music     Games     Celebrities     Contact Us · Staff · Privacy      © 2014 Inside Pulse          Dashboards: Combined · Wrestling · Fights · Diehard     So, with this Simple Jquery Modal Window, it can be in any shapes you want! Simple and Easy to modify : )      0
olumns     Features      Sports       News     Reviews     Columns     Features      More       Figures     Music     Games     Celebrities     Contact Us · Staff · Privacy      © 2014 Inside Pulse          Dashboards: Combined · Wrestling · Fights · Diehard     So, with this Simple Jquery Modal Window, it can be in any shapes you want! Simple and Easy to modify : )      0
__label__wiki One more step  Please complete the security check to access  Why do I have to complete a CAPTCHA?  Completing the CAPTCHA proves you are a human and gives you temporary access to the web property.  What can I do to prevent this in the future?  If you are on a personal connection, like at home, you can run an anti-virus scan on your device to make sure it is not infected with malware. If you are at an office or shared network, you can ask the network administrator to run a scan across the network looking for misconfigured or infected devices.
__label__wiki 8000 KNLA and Allied Forces Complete Epic Victory over all Junta | Burma News International Skip to main content  Search form  Burma News International  Burma News International    • News   • Feature   • Opinion   • Factcheck   • Multimedia Donate  Search form  Search   • En   • မြန်မာ   • Unicode   • Zawgyi Mega Menu Button   • News   • Feature   • Opinion   • Factcheck   • Multimedia  Burma News International (BNI) is a network of 15 independent media and news organizations based in and around Burma    • Chin World   • Development Media Group   • Kaladan Press   • Kachin News Group   • Kantarawaddy   • Karen Information Center   • Khonumthung News   • Mizzima   • Independent Mon News Agency   • Myitkyina Journal   • Narinjara   • Network Media Group   • Shan Herald Agency for News   • Than Lwin Times   • The Voice of Shan Ni   • About Us   • Announcements   • Publications   • Index   • Contact   • Myanmar Peace Monitor  Responsive Menu    • News   • Feature   • Opinion  KNLA and Allied Forces Complete Epic Victory over all Junta  Published Thursday, April 11, 2024 KNLA and Allied Forces Complete Epic Victory over all Junta  The Junta's 275th Infantry Battalion stationed in Myawaddy Township Karen State, was seized by the resistance joint forces led by the Karen National Liberation Army (KNLA) on April 10, resulting in significant casualties among Junta troops and prompting many to flee.  KNLA-led joint forces launched a robust offensive against the battalion base on April 9, seizing it by nightfall the following day, frontline sources said. When the battle ended, many troops from the Junta's 275th Infantry Battalion were reported dead or injured. Other soldiers are reported to have fled across the border into Thailand.  Two other Myawaddy -based battalions had already surrendered to the KNLA-led resistance with over 600 soldiers and families. In a statement posted to its social media channels, the KNU reported that 477 military personnel surrendered at the Junta’s main base in Thanganyinaung, in addition to 140 family members.  Myawaddy residents reported that following the capture of the final base, the situation remained calm from the night of April 10 until the morning of April 11, with no further fighting.  Earlier, the Junta dispatched reinforcements to prevent Myawaddy from falling into the hands of the resistance forces. The reinforcement convoy is currently stationed at Kyondoe with no prospect of any further advance, locals reported.  After the Junta had already lost control of areas along Myanmar's borders with Bangladesh, China and India with Myanmar's resistance forces in control of almost all border trading posts.  Now with this loss of military control over the hugely- important Myawaddy- Mae Sot border trade, observers are calling this a stunning blow to the credibility and viability of the post- coup regime.  This defeat is bound to have a wide- spectrum of repercussions including economic, trade and could challenge long-standing assumptions of Asean ’s Myanmar diplomacy. Until recently both western and Asean diplomats had assumed the path of conflict resolution had to include the Junta as part of a negotiated solution. Now the NUG and EAOs vision of a Junta-free future becomes an increasingly realistic scenario.      Myawaddy is the most important land border for the importation of Thai goods to such major cities as Yangon and Mandalay. According to figures from the junta’s Ministry of Commerce cited by Myanmar Now, the value of trade through Myawaddy between April 2023 and February 2024 fell by more than 40 %  compared to the same period the year before, from $1.87 billion to $1.085 billion.  Thai border officials are on the alert but have stated that the Mae Sot border will remain open to receive thousands more refugees, as well as Myanmar soldiers and their families who wish to be repatriated from Mae Sot to Myanmar.  Given the Thai and Myanmar New Year, the issue of establishing a new border control  on the Myanmar side opposite Mae Sot and full resumption of trade is likely to be resolved until the end of the holiday period.  Most read this week  Junta Troops Carry Out Systematic Arson Attack Nearly 300 Homes destroyed April 5, 2024 Youth Detained in Search looking for suspected CDM at Mae Sot-Myawaddy Border Bridge April 6, 2024 Increasing Arrests of Undocumented Migrants in Thailand April 8, 2024 PDF Drones Target Southeastern Regional Military Command During visit of Junta’s Deputy Chief April 9, 2024 War in Myawaddy Drives Residents to Seek Refuge in Mae Sot April 11, 2024 KIA Seizes Over 6 Billion MMK from Captured Junta Base Border Town Lwegel Now Under Kachin Control April 11, 2024 More news from Than Lwin Times April 5, 2024 Junta Troops Carry Out Systematic Arson Attack Nearly 300 Homes destroyed Nearly 300 houses in Yaemyetni village, Tilin Township, Magway Region, were destroyed by arson... April 4, 2024 Resistance Drone Attacks Hit Naypyidaw Military Headquarters and Aye Lar Air Base The National Unity Government (NUG) declared successful coordinated drone strikes by resistance... April 2, 2024 NMSP-AD Declares Its Programme to Create a Democratic Mon State in a Federal Union based on Ethnic Rights The New Mon State Party - Anti-Dictatorship group (NMSP-AD) declared its intention to establish... March 28, 2024 Mass Resignations of Junta’s Administrators in Mon State over enforcement of conscription law Locals report a swift exodus of village, ward, and community administrative officials tasked...  bni-footer-logo.png    • Archive   • Archive 2006-2015   • Index   • Contact Us   • About BNI   • Announcements   • Jobs  © Copyright 2024 Burma News International. All rights reserved.  0
als are on the alert but have stated that the Mae Sot border will remain open to receive thousands more refugees, as well as Myanmar soldiers and their families who wish to be repatriated from Mae Sot to Myanmar.  Given the Thai and Myanmar New Year, the issue of establishing a new border control  on the Myanmar side opposite Mae Sot and full resumption of trade is likely to be resolved until the end of the holiday period.  Most read this week  Junta Troops Carry Out Systematic Arson Attack Nearly 300 Homes destroyed April 5, 2024 Youth Detained in Search looking for suspected CDM at Mae Sot-Myawaddy Border Bridge April 6, 2024 Increasing Arrests of Undocumented Migrants in Thailand April 8, 2024 PDF Drones Target Southeastern Regional Military Command During visit of Junta’s Deputy Chief April 9, 2024 War in Myawaddy Drives Residents to Seek Refuge in Mae Sot April 11, 2024 KIA Seizes Over 6 Billion MMK from Captured Junta Base Border Town Lwegel Now Under Kachin Control April 11, 2024 More news from Than Lwin Times April 5, 2024 Junta Troops Carry Out Systematic Arson Attack Nearly 300 Homes destroyed Nearly 300 houses in Yaemyetni village, Tilin Township, Magway Region, were destroyed by arson... April 4, 2024 Resistance Drone Attacks Hit Naypyidaw Military Headquarters and Aye Lar Air Base The National Unity Government (NUG) declared successful coordinated drone strikes by resistance... April 2, 2024 NMSP-AD Declares Its Programme to Create a Democratic Mon State in a Federal Union based on Ethnic Rights The New Mon State Party - Anti-Dictatorship group (NMSP-AD) declared its intention to establish... March 28, 2024 Mass Resignations of Junta’s Administrators in Mon State over enforcement of conscription law Locals report a swift exodus of village, ward, and community administrative officials tasked...  bni-footer-logo.png    • Archive   • Archive 2006-2015   • Index   • Contact Us   • About BNI   • Announcements   • Jobs  © Copyright 2024 Burma News International. All rights reserved.  0
__label__wiki 4e1 404 Not Found  404  Not Found  The resource requested could not be found on this server!   Proudly powered by LiteSpeed Web Server  Please be advised that LiteSpeed Technologies Inc. is not a web hosting company and, as such, has no control over content found on this site.  0
__label__wiki BBC Homepage   • Skip to content   • Accessibility Help   • Your account   • Home   • News   • Sport   • Earth   • Reel   • Worklife   • Travel   • Culture   • Future   • Music   • TV   • Weather   • Sounds More menu More menu Search BBC   • Home   • News   • Sport   • Earth   • Reel   • Worklife   • Travel   • Culture   • Future   • Music   • TV   • Weather   • Sounds Close menu BBC Sport Menu   • Home   • Football   • Cricket   • Formula 1   • Rugby U   • Tennis   • Golf   • Cycling   • Athletics More A-Z Sports   • American Football   • Athletics   • Basketball   • Boxing   • Cricket   • Cycling   • Darts   • Disability Sport   • Football   • Formula 1   • Gaelic Games   • Golf   • Gymnastics   • Horse Racing   • Mixed Martial Arts   • Motorsport   • Netball   • Olympic Sports   • Rugby League   • Rugby Union   • Snooker   • Swimming   • Tennis   • Full Sports A-Z More from Sport   • England   • Scotland   • Wales   • Northern Ireland   • News Feeds   • Help & FAQs   • Premier League   • Scores & Fixtures   • Table   • Top Scorers  Brighton 4-0 Manchester United: Big defeat ends United's Champions League hopes    • Published     7 May 2022 Share page About sharing Brighton goalImage source, Getty Images Image caption,  Brighton's Moises Caicedo became the 100th player to score his first ever Premier League goal against Manchester United  ByMichael Emons BBC Sport at the Amex Stadium  Manchester United suffered a humiliating defeat at the hands of a rampant Brighton at the Amex Stadium - a result that confirmed United would not qualify for next season's Champions League.  Ecuador international Moises Caicedo put the hosts ahead with his first Premier League goal in only his sixth game, with a low 25-yard strike after United's Alex Telles had failed to clear.  The visitors, in interim boss Ralf Rangnick's penultimate game in charge before he is replaced by Erik ten Hag, fell apart in the second half, conceding three goals in quick succession.  Marc Cucurella fired into the roof of the net from Leandro Trossard's pull-back for the second, with Trossard setting up Pascal Gross to calmly steer in a third.    • Are 'humiliated' Man Utd at rock bottom?  Trossard scored Brighton's fourth when he bundled the ball over the line from close range, with the goal eventually given after a video assistant review checked for a handball.  The defeat was United's fifth successive away loss and ensured they cannot finish higher than their current spot of sixth in the Premier League, with only the top four playing in next season's Champions League.  It will be only the fifth time in 30 years that they will not play in Europe's major competition - and they could even miss out on the Europa League and drop into the third-tier Europa Conference League.  They are currently six points ahead of seventh-placed West Ham, who have two games in hand.    • Follow live text and radio coverage of Saturday's Premier League football    • Go straight to all the best Brighton & Hove Albion content    • Visit our Manchester United page  Brilliant Brighton set for their best season ever  Figure caption,  Win over Man Utd a result to cherish - Potter  For Brighton, watched by a record crowd at the Amex of 31,637, this was an evening their fans will remember for years to come.  They have had some great moments this season, drawing at Anfield against Liverpool, drawing home and away against Chelsea, taking four points off Arsenal and winning away at Tottenham. But none compares to this dominant victory over United.  Indeed, the Seagulls were not flattered by the margin of victory and could even have scored more, with Welbeck going close in the first half and unlucky not to add a fifth late on with an excellent effort from 25 yards that curled just past the post.  Meanwhile, United's few chances of note included a Bruno Fernandes effort that was parried by Robert Sanchez.  Edinson Cavani, set to leave the club on a free transfer at the end of the season, thought he had scored a consolation when he steered in Harry Maguire's cross from close range - but that was rightly ruled out for offside.  More remarkably, this was ninth-placed Brighton's first home win of 2022 after only picking up four points from their previous eight games at the Amex.  It kept them on course to claim their first ever top-10 finish in English football's top flight in their 121-year history.  Figure caption,  Man Utd 'just not good enough' - Rangnick  For United, the season cannot end quickly enough. They spent almost £120m on Raphael Varane, Jadon Sancho and five-time Ballon d'Or winner Cristiano Ronaldo, and hopes were high at the start of the season that they could push for the title after coming second last season.  But after Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was sacked in November, the club appointed Rangnick on an interim basis, although he was not given the chance to strengthen the squad in the January transfer window and the club have gone backwards.  Manchester United have been English champions a record 20 times, but the rebuilding task facing Ten Hag, who could win the Dutch Eredivisie on Sunday with current club Ajax, is growing by each match.  On this evidence, he faces the toughest task in football to bring United back to their glory years.  Sorry, we can't display this part of the article any more. Sorry, we can't display this part of the article any more. Everything you need to know about your Premier League team bannerImage source, BBC Sport    • Our coverage of your Premier League club is bigger and better than ever before - here's everything you need to know to make sure you never miss a moment  BBC Sport banner footerImage source, BBC Sport  Related topics    • Manchester United   • Premier League   • Football   • Brighton & Hove Albion  Top stories    • Casemiro's fond farewell - how Brazilian turned Man Utd career around      • Published       43 minutes ago    • Rousey seals perfect ending with 15-second comeback win      • Published       57 minutes ago    • No trophy in turbulent season but Alonso arrival offers Chelsea hope      • Published       8 hours ago  Elsewhere on the BBC    • The globe’s spinning fast. Dive in before the end hits hard      Race Across the World S6    • Inside the first Women’s Six Nations Rugby Championship in 2002      Sporting Witness: The First Women’s Six Nations Rugby Championship    • The Smoggie Queens are back with more out and proud comedy      Smoggie Queens    • The world's first labradoodle      Witness History: The world's first labradoodle  Elsewhere in Sport    • Man City beat Chelsea after brilliant Semenyo goal. VideoMan City beat Chelsea after brilliant Semenyo goal      Antoine Semenyo    • Resilient Celtic time run perfectly to win race after eight-month chase      Celtic players celebrate    • 'We crumbled' - another loss, another unwanted record for leaky Liverpool      Arne Slot    • My quality time with Guardiola - and getting his guide to Barcelona      An image of Pep Guardiola and Tony Pulis laughing and smiling to each other when Manchester City played West Brom in 2017    • I'm a passionate lad and I love it at Everton - Pickford      Wayne Rooney and Jordan Pickford pose in front of a TV screen that has an advert for The Wayne Rooney Show on it    • She made what seemed impossible possible - the Rousey show returns      Ronda Rousey at a news conference to promote her bout with Gina Carano    • The making of the £60K bargain who became an Everton legend      Seamus Coleman graphic    • Parlour? Villa? Gerrard? Ranking best FA Cup final goals      Ray Parlour, Ricky Villa and Steven Gerrard    • Why Newcastle's history makers are breaking up      Newcastle United players celebrate after defeating Liverpool in the 2025 League Cup final at Wembley    • Sutton's predictions v Blossoms & Songer      Sutton's predictions v Blossoms and Songer    • How controversial VAR calls have defined two title battles      Motherwell's Sam Nicholson jumps with Celtic's Aaron Trusty    • Durham to Bedford - Gay's 200-mile drive to tell parents of England call-up      Emilio Gay    • Will F1 go back to the future with its engines?      A close-up image of the rear of Mark Webber's Red Bull-Renault at the 2013 United States Grand Prix    • The summer a golden generation lost its shine      England team photo from 2006 World Cup    • Is 15-year-old IPL wonderkid ready to play for India?      Vaibhav Sooryavanshi   • Home   • News   • Sport   • Earth   • Reel   • Worklife   • Travel   • Culture   • Future   • Music   • TV   • Weather   • Sounds   • Terms of Use   • About the BBC   • Privacy Policy   • Cookies   • Accessibility Help   • Parental Guidance   • Contact the BBC   • BBC emails for you   • Advertise with us  Copyright © 2026 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
__label__wiki 1c144 PEOPLE AND THE PEOPLES’ BUS SERVICE - Newspaper - DAWN.COM Dawn Logo Dawn  Subscribe to notifications  Get the latest news and updates from Dawn  Dawn Logo Dawn  PEOPLE AND THE PEOPLES’ BUS SERVICE  How to save Karachi's new bus service Gulraiz Khan Published July 17, 2022 A brand new Peoples’ Bus Service bus in action | Photos by the writer A brand new Peoples’ Bus Service bus in action | Photos by the writer  Karachi is perennially hot and sticky, but this summer has been hotter and stickier than usual.  As I set out hoping to ride on the newly-inaugurated Peoples’ Bus Service, the season’s first major monsoons are still a day or two away, which means breathing through sheets of stifling humidity. I’ve only walked 50 yards to the Nursery bus stop, but my kurta is drenched. Sweat steadily trickles down my face as I squint, hoping to spot a red moving pixel in the distance.  Buses are unglamorous at best and undesirable at worst. You wouldn’t notice the blue-striped, white bus in New York City if it hit you in the face on a crosswalk, despite there being almost 6,000 of them in the city. Or the almost 4,000 yellow, lilac and blue gentle giants of Istanbul that silently, almost apologetically, glide past you in traffic. When they aren’t unremarkable, like in case of the kitschy, bellowing metal contraptions that masquerade as buses in Karachi, you wouldn’t want to set foot in one if you had any alternative.  For a public transit enthusiast, I must confess that I didn’t love buses much either. Conceptually, buses have survived in one way or another, across the world, for around two centuries, even as their form has evolved. Despite this remarkable resilience, they’ve never been the poster child for public transit, except in recent years with the facelift they’ve received in the form of the Bus Rapid Transit (BRT).   Karachi has got a bold, new bus service. Its buses are spanking new, air-conditioned and ruby red. That’s the good part. But the service is already falling into habits that have doomed public transport initiatives in the city before. Here’s how to make it count this time…   Internationally, no mayor shows off their regular city buses. Most tourist maps show subway/metro systems and skip out on buses altogether. There are hardly any souvenir fridge magnets featuring buses. Perhaps the only exception to this rule, as I learnt earlier this year, is London. If I had a fleet of sleek 9,000 radiant red buses set against a grey and dreary sky, I’d take some pride and joy in that too.  This probably explains why I could hardly contain my joy when giant cutouts of red buses started propping up along Sharae Faisal. I had heard about this project from the former provincial transport minister, Syed Awais Ali Shah, exactly a year ago, but I didn’t believe it until the administrator, Murtaza Wahab, posted videos of the buses arriving at the Karachi Port.  Throughout the week since its launch on June 27 though, I count more cutouts than the actual buses during my commute. So, on this hot and sticky Saturday afternoon, as I spot a moving red pixel in the distance, I feel the acidic mix of cautious joy and latent anxiety rise through my gut to the back of my throat.  The ruby red bus pulls up, gently, and the doors swing open, releasing a gust of chilled air from the inside. I take one short step from the asphalt to the soft rubber floor of the bus and the automatic doors swiftly swing shut behind me. Anyone who has ever taken a bus in Karachi would appreciate this one giant leap for the city’s commuters.  I have just begun to feel the joy of the cold air-conditioned air on my face when a small girl in a tightly wound headscarf, maybe six or seven years old, gets up from her mother’s lap in the front section, stumbles and empties her guts out on the bus floor. I’m not sure if it was the heat, the humidity or our shared anxiety, but her vomit instantly baptises Karachi’s newest bus service.  PARBOILED SERVICE  Passengers have quickly taken to the new bus service Passengers have quickly taken to the new bus service  Besides the giant cutouts and some flashy PR, the service seems to have been hurriedly launched in the face of rising fuel prices (and rising public anger) and the impending second phase of the local government elections in Sindh. Four key elements of a scheduled bus service — timings, route, stops and fare — are all a bit hazy right now. Other elements, including communication, staff training and service quality, are also patchy at best. While any new service, understandably, has teething issues, it is the combination of structural issues, and the ghosts of at least three similar failed attempts in the past, that makes one question the sustainability of this initiative.  The sidewalk at the stop I boarded the bus at, Nursery, is dug up. The grey structure is still dishevelled. Except for the red and white painted kerb, nothing about this stop says new service. The map for Route 1 identifies 38 stops along the roughly 30km corridor and Nursery is one of them. The bus, however, stops again 200m ahead, and then again, about 400m ahead, before reaching the next notified stop, FTC. From there to Tower, the bus would make far more than 38 stops, sometimes stopping in the middle of nowhere to drop off a loud passenger. In the absence of clearly notified and marked stations, each stop is a negotiation between an aggressive passenger, a clueless conductor and a pliant driver.  Some of the passenger aggression stems from confusion over the route. News reports had shared a proposed Route 1 with stops at Jinnah Hospital, Cantt Station, Regal Chowk and Araam Bagh. The actual service doesn’t go to any of them. A more updated route map, shared by the operator on Twitter, shows the service starting from the edge of Model Colony on Jinnah Avenue. The actual bus, however, goes several kilometres deep into the colony, all the way to a railway crossing.  Buses are designed to offer a scheduled and well-defined public service, around which millions of commuters can shape their lives and behaviours. It is a time-tested solution to the vexing problem of urban density and mobility: how do you move millions of people quickly and efficiently? If a bus service starts accommodating individual riders’ requests, or the driver and conductor’s whims, the result is chaos. This is a problem that Karachi’s poorest commuters are all too familiar with.  A defined and published route, with clearly demarcated stops, is therefore the bare minimum that this service needs to offer before customer confidence is eroded. More than a week since its official launch, the Peoples’ Bus Service seems to be struggling with even this bare minimum.  LINGERING ON CHUNDRIGAR  Reverting to bad habits: a conductor without uniform takes cash from a passenger Reverting to bad habits: a conductor without uniform takes cash from a passenger  The freshly baptised bus terminates its south-bound journey at Tower. I stay on for the short victory lap over the circular Jinnah Bridge, watching the conductor count the fare from the trip: a little over 5,000 rupees, from about 100 passengers on this single trip. The bus is parked on the bridge off-ramp, right under the shadow of the Art Deco Qamar House, and the driver and conductor take a break.  In another idling bus right ahead, the driver and conductor are eating from a styrofoam box. Shouldn’t there be a lounge for the staff at the terminals for lunch, a break or just to stretch their legs?  I walk up to the bus right at the front, which is about to start its eastbound trip to Model Colony. A rusting, disfigured Gulistan coach crosses my path ominously, reminding me that these city streets are not for the weak.  A few years ago, while teaching a course on public transit at a university, the students and I took a dive into Karachi’s public buses and coaches. Journalist Mahim Maher had just published a fantastic piece on the deep logic that underpins the seemingly informal, chaotic operations of Marwat Coach. Did this method to the madness apply to all private operators? Was there a layer of occult logic behind all this kitschy chaos?  To investigate, we first met with Irshad Bukhari, the menacing-but-grandfatherly president of the Karachi Transport Ittehad. When we asked him for bus routes and stops, he shared with us a bound file with a page for each route. Each page had names of the neighbourhoods that the buses on that route passed through. No maps. No roads. No landmarks. No stops. Just neighbourhoods. This is how bus routes have been conceived, approved and communicated in Karachi thus far. You can check for yourself: go to Google and search for “Karachi bus routes”. See what shows up even today. Hang your head in disappointment.  To map their routes and stops more accurately, the students and I boarded buses on the route 19-D and 20, from their terminal at Shireen Jinnah Colony. Within a few minutes of their departure, we realised there would be no stops. On the entire stretch from Shireen Jinnah to Kharkar Chowrangi, the bus just lingered, almost like a reluctant, drawn-out warm-up before cardio. Passengers hopped on along the way. No one seemed to be in a hurry to get anywhere. It was almost idyllic, as if it were a tourist bus and not one that people depend on to get to work and around the city.  This lingering was the symptom of decades of divestment in public transport by the government. For private owners and contractors, the only thing that matters is passenger numbers, since each trip has a fixed cost of fuel, labour (driver and conductor) and bhatta plus challans along the way. The more people they could take on the trip, the higher the revenue to offset fixed costs. Time, efficiency, speed or service quality were nowhere on the agenda — not for the owner, nor the provincial transport department that should have been the regulator.  The bus therefore lingered to get on board as many people as it could. It would stop wherever it would spot a paying passenger and begrudgingly slow down just enough for a passenger to jump off to disembark. Who needs bus stops then anyway? This was a system primed to deliver the bare minimum, as it cannibalised itself. Hardly surprising, therefore, that the routes and number of buses decimated, first gradually, then suddenly.  Back in the present-day, the red bus I board takes off exactly at 4pm from Tower, with about 20 visibly delighted passengers. Passengers take their camera phones out to record this momentous occasion. They strike up conversations with strangers, full of marvel and trepidation.  But instead of moving swiftly to the next stop, the bus starts to linger along I I Chundrigar Road. Ten minutes later, we haven’t even crossed the HBL Plaza, halfway through. By the time we reach Shaheen Complex, at the other end of Chundrigar, it is 4.15pm. The bus has covered 3kms, and what would’ve been six stops according to the route map, at a snail’s pace of 12km/hr. This is not because of congestion, or traffic. This is an old habit and a structural misunderstanding of how a bus service should be run, exactly the way it had been for the old buses.  GHOSTS OF BUSES PAST  I would have written off the lingering if it didn’t happen on each of the five trips I took over two days, each time more egregiously than before. On my last ride, from the Model Colony to Nursery, the conductor decides to keep the front doors open and hollers, “Tower! Tower!”, as the bus lingered through the Model Colony Road for a good 10 minutes. I’m not sure if the Gulistan coach that crossed me earlier at Tower was a curse, but the ghosts of all the old buses and coaches seem to be haunting the Peoples’ Bus Service.  I confront the conductor about the door and, after mumbling some excuse, he sheepishly asks the driver to close the doors. To be fair, it may not even be his fault entirely. In his sweat-stained cream shalwar kameez and black slippers two sizes too small, he cut a rather unkempt figure. The night before, the conductor I saw was wearing a uniform. None of the conductors on this Saturday are wearing one. They also appeared a bit lost.  Eager passengers call out to them and ask for tickets. While news reports quoted the transport minister saying the fare would vary from 25 to 50 rupees, all the conductors have on them are booklets of paper tickets marked 50 rupees. Cash is the only way to pay, and if a larger denomination is exchanged, there is a nervous wait to collect enough fare from other passengers to return the change. Occasionally, the conductor shouts out, asking if anyone hasn’t paid for the ride. In the world of bad ideas and awful execution, this is probably the worst way to collect fares in a modern transit system.  Each small failure, or instance of shoddy service, might be forgiven in any other context, but not here.  Karachiites are spooked by the successive failures of such services over the last two decades. Here’s the body count: the city government under Naimatullah Khan imported 32 deep-green, beautiful Swedish buses and ran them on two existing routes. Procured on a discounted commercial loan, their financial sustainability was a non-starter. They disappeared even before Naimatullah’s term was over.  The next mayor, Mustafa Kamal, got 75 locally manufactured CNG buses on three routes, upgraded bus stops and added kiosks for ticketing. Bought from the city government’s budget, they had an annual operational cost of 75 million rupees. Once his term was over, the provincial government refused to fund it and the service petered out.  For years, provincial transport minister Syed Nasir Hussain Shah promised 600 buses, but only 10 eventually hit the road in a pilot project in 2018. I only ever saw them once during my commute to work. No one knows exactly when and how they vanished.  Last June, when I met then-transport minister Syed Awais Shah, he mentioned the incoming 250 buses, but I was sceptical. Turns out he wasn’t bluffing after all. We now have a total of 250 buses, imported from China at a cost of 6.5 billion rupees. Ten of these were allocated for Larkana. The remaining 240 will ply seven routes in Karachi. Another 4 billion rupees have been allocated for purchasing more buses in the current fiscal year. Have we finally turned the corner on broken transit dreams?  Buying new buses is the easiest part. It’s a one-off capital expense, provides political mileage through photo ops and requires no structural adjustments. It is the running of transit operations that is the real challenge and requires political acumen, capacity building and cultural transformation. If we don’t want the Peoples’ Bus Service to go down the route of all previous schemes, here is what we will need to do differently this time around.  BEYOND THE BRT  Bus stop should provide information and a comfortable waiting experience Bus stop should provide information and a comfortable waiting experience  Buses are the cheapest form of mass transit, but there are reasons why they are looked down upon, especially when compared to more expensive trams and trains: they are slow, have limited capacity and usually get stuck in the same snarling traffic on the road that they hope to beat. Luckily for us, cities the world over have been working to address some of these concerns and make buses more effective at moving large numbers of people. A lot of that work is distilled into BRT systems that make buses effectively mimic trains, by providing them dedicated corridors. But this comes at a cost.  In Pakistan, where traffic rules’ enforcement is weak, we build tens of flyovers and underpasses for each line to maintain grade separation and ensure dedicated corridors. That’s how they got the original slur, the jangla bus. We don’t know the final price tag for the Green Line BRT in Karachi, but it would be easily north of 30 billion rupees. The Red and Yellow BRT lines, funded by the Asian Development Bank and World Bank, would cost half a billion dollars each. That’s over 100 billion rupees at today’s exchange rate. To scale up simple public transit by buses, we need to learn from our own failures and, clearly, need to think beyond BRTs.  The first thing to consider would be financial sustainability. The largest chunk of a bus system’s operational cost, between 60 to 70 percent, is the cost of staff and labour, including drivers, mechanics, conductors, cleaners, transit agency staff and so on. This figure is fairly universal: it comes from two different studies, from the United States and India.  For a new system, it would make sense to keep as lean a staff base as possible. Some of these roles are essential — drivers and mechanics — but others can be rationalised. The conductor in the Peoples’ Bus Service is simply collecting fare. With fare collection digitised, there will be no need for this role. The currently employed conductors should be upskilled for other essential roles, as the service scales up. Bloating the service now with non-essential staff will only lead to its eventual collapse and render everyone currently employed jobless.  There will also be no financial stability with a leaky fare box or ghost riders. Fare needs to be collected pre-boarding. Whether you’ve got a top-up card, like the Breeze Card for Green Line BRT, or a paper ticket, it should be purchased off-board and validated digitally at the time of boarding. For this reason, most cities only allow for boarding from the front of the bus, where the driver can see that every passenger getting on has validated their payment method. Digital payment methods would also open the possibility for targeted subsidies in the future.  Next is service availability. You will not get passengers if your service isn’t available, visible or predictable. Routes and timings need to be locked in and made publicly available, both digitally and at bus stops. Stops need to be defined and religiously adhered to. If there is a bus every six minutes, no one will panic if a bus leaves the station without them. If there are service delays and disruptions, they need to be communicated in real time. All of this is now fairly simple with a centralised tracking system, and the company’s official Twitter account has indicated that this is forthcoming. My only gripe is that it should have come yesterday, when the service was launched.  Lastly, service quality, which includes the customer experience both within the buses and at the stations. The terminus at Tower was next to garbage dumpsters. The one at Model Colony was in a dusty, unpaved ground. Except refurbishment of some already existing stations, not a single new station has been added yet.  The station is not just a painted shelter: it’s a touchpoint that should provide information and a comfortable waiting experience. The Metropole station, where I waited from 10.20 to 10.50pm on a Friday night in vain, was dark, dingy and enclosed. The left side of the station was covered in black painted metal. To see if a bus was coming from the corner, I had to stand on the road, where I was partially also scared of getting mugged. Bus stations should not be designed by people who have never actually had to wait at a station in their life.  The only sense of safety I had while waiting for the bus that night, came from the adjacent flower shop that was lit up and had some staff. The best security comes from the presence of people and light, not just from CCTV cameras. Stations should be large, transparent, well-lit and, preferably, host a tuck shop that would double as a source of revenue, point of sale for tickets and provide ambient safety. Some of the existing stops already have a kiosk structure. What’s stopping the transit agency from reviving them?  Nothing says bad service quality more than chhaalia wrappers littered on the floor of a bus that has just started service. When hundreds of people will use a vehicle each trip, it is bound to get dirty. Doing a quick cleanliness check at the end of each trip will go a long way in building people’s trust and ownership.  None of these steps are rocket science. Some of these things are being done in the same city, with the Green Line. Lahore has been running the Speedo feeder bus system effectively for years. It all boils down to public pressure and the consequent political will. Without a watchful regulator and a conscious operator, we know where all such initiatives eventually go in Karachi. South and out. Here’s hoping the Peoples’ Bus Service doesn’t.  The writer is a design researcher and strategist, working in urbanism, finance and education.  They can be reached via gulraiz.khan@gmail.com  Published in Dawn, EOS, July 17th, 2022  Email      25  The writer is a design researcher and strategist, and an urban enthusiast. He can be reached via Twitter @gulraizkhan  Gulraiz Khan Comments (25) Closed Syed Jul 17, 2022 12:27pm People need to be educated ticket receiver needs to be uniformed to see change itself bus stop need to be renovated strict rules busses need to be cleaned sanitised otherwise same old shape will happen need more buses strict monitoring need to be implemented because public is uneducated and unaware and more busses needed and roads banao plz and sewerage Recommend 0 Dr. Salaria, Aamir Ahmad Jul 17, 2022 12:44pm Joke of the century. Recommend 0 AndYou! Jul 17, 2022 12:53pm The management under qualified managers will be able to see through for some time. Otherwise, the corruption through high end low levels especially maintenance would see them parking for good. Can’t expect smooth and honest operational work. Recommend 0 Cye Jul 17, 2022 01:13pm Did you researched How much Commisson did ppp made out of this? Recommend 0 Citizen Jul 17, 2022 01:23pm Good initiative but needs public private partnership Recommend 0 Anonymouseee Jul 17, 2022 02:17pm We need metro trains running through the city, not buses. Recommend 0 Daanish Jul 17, 2022 04:05pm kick back system of PPP, never service public buses. unclean, garbage ridden buses and citizens Recommend 0 AZAM AKBAR Jul 17, 2022 04:24pm Bus service and under the most corrupt PPP? What a joke. Recommend 0 FKhan Jul 17, 2022 04:30pm Ik was right in saying it as jangla Bus and soon it will be like that Recommend 0 Haris Jul 17, 2022 04:49pm Could have summarised this gigantic article in 4-5 bullet points because the problem and solution are well documented and well known to everyone except PPP. Recommend 0 Munawar Ahmed Jul 17, 2022 05:05pm Until political rivalry on transport and minibus mafia are not eliminated, the transport reform will be defeated, as per experiences of metro bus, green bus etc. etc. Recommend 0 Ali S Jul 17, 2022 07:08pm I'll say the unsaid: the biggest difference between the Green line BRT or Lahore's buses and the Peoples Bus Service is that PPP is running this one. That automatically increases its chances of failure by 50x. Recommend 0 Henchi Jul 17, 2022 08:06pm Very clever to use red color on the bus so to camouflage red pan spits. Recommend 0 Fareed Jul 17, 2022 08:08pm Bad habits die hard. Recommend 0 Shiraz Jul 17, 2022 08:59pm Your article and the bits about conductors, maps, timing, etc, reminds me of downfall & eventual wrapping up of the eartwhile Karachi Transport Corporation (KTC). KTC was a very effective, economical & public friendly system. Running Italian Fiat buses, they used to be punctual, neat & clean, on time & convenient way of travelling during mid 70s until early 90s. With bad management, dishonest employees and being the first victim of unrest in Karachi, the service was eventually closed. Recommend 0 Honor Jul 17, 2022 09:14pm These new buses will meet the same fate as in the past. Tickets should be issued from ticketing machines and not by hand in which case either tickets are not given or half given and the other half given to someone else! 50% collection gone!! If Depot Managers are not honest the system will not last and substantial subsidy will be needed to keep it afloat. I should know. I was Chief Technical Officer in EPRTC, Dhaka and in charge of 2 units in KTC., Karachi. Strict accountability is needed. Recommend 0 Akram Jul 17, 2022 09:56pm the karachi public need to have a forum to hold their political leaders to account for such services. In 2022 you would expect a city like karachi to have a proper world class bus service. One more rule for the bus service perhaps might be no eating or drinking on board will take care of most of the rubbish. Recommend 0 Kaspar Jul 17, 2022 09:59pm What happened to KCR Revival? Recommend 0 Ahsan Siddiqui Jul 18, 2022 12:21am IMPORTANT: During the time of UTS busses once i was in a UTS-8 or 4, a mini deliberately rammed to the side of it. and then proceeded to start a fight with the crew on the basis of "Tum Log hamara amdanee cheen they ho". At another time they chased our UTS until our driver confronted the other driver while seated, they yelled out "Tum log hamara route sey hat jao". Basically the mini buses ran the UTS off the road. Any new bus service that starts must keep this in mind. otherwise; failure. Recommend 0 Nabi Jul 18, 2022 12:47am They should bring subways Recommend 0 WaliKhan Jul 18, 2022 03:30am Bus Conductor / Driver Cabin should be bullet proof, just in case. You know, a disgruntled passenger tries to hurt the poor driver, in case the bus does not stop at their door step. Recommend 0 Kursi Jul 18, 2022 05:17am In few months we will be back to dibba busses again. I hope not. Recommend 0 Farooq Jul 18, 2022 05:24am Our awam needs to take care and pride in our sytem Recommend 0 Syed Ali Jul 18, 2022 07:13am Before taking photos the buses should have been washed. Recommend 0 Syed Ali Jul 18, 2022 07:19am You can cut cost ,save some foreign exchange encourage industry by building large manufacturing and assembly plants in Lahore and Karachi to meet country transport needs. Recommend 0 Dawn Logo Dawn  Copyright © 2026  NewsKit Publishing Platform  0
__label__wiki 278e Robert Christgau: Album: Nirvana: Nevermind  Robert Christgau: Dean of American Rock Critics  Consumer Guide:   User's Guide   Grades 1990-   Grades 1969-89   And It Don't Stop Books:   Book Reports   Is It Still Good to Ya?   Going Into the City   Consumer Guide: 90s   Grown Up All Wrong   Consumer Guide: 80s   Consumer Guide: 70s   Any Old Way You Choose It   Don't Stop 'til You Get Enough Xgau Sez Writings:   And It Don't Stop   CG Columns   Rock&Roll& [new]   Rock&Roll& [old]   Music Essays   Music Reviews   Book Reviews   NAJP Blog   Playboy   Blender   Rolling Stone   Billboard   Video Reviews   Pazz & Jop   Recyclables   Newsprint   Lists   Miscellany Bibliography NPR Web Site:   Home   Site Map   Contact   What's New?     RSS Carola Dibbell:   Carola's Website   Archive CG Search: Google Search: Twitter: Follow @rxgau  Consumer Guide Album  Nirvana: Nevermind [DGC, 1991] After years of hair-flailing sludge that achieved occasional songform on singles no normal person ever heard, Seattle finally produces some proper postpunk, aptly described by resident genius Kurt Cobain: "Verse, chorus, verse, chorus, solo, bad solo." This is hard rock as the term was understood before metal moved in--the kind of loud, slovenly, tuneful music you think no one will ever work a change on again until the next time it happens, whereupon you wonder why there isn't loads more. It seems so simple. A 0
__label__wiki 8000 MICHELLE PFEIFFER, THE FACE _______ www.pfeiffertheface.com    Web  www.pfeiffertheface.com        Movies Info-Gallery The extensive collection of Stills, Posters, Promos and all the info about Michelle's Pfilmography. Visit the gallery »   Photoshoots & Covers Shoots sessions and magazine covers ordered by date, magazine and photographer. Visit the gallery »   Red Carpet Gallery A look around all Pfeiffer's life: premieres, parties and acts which Michelle has attended. Visit the gallery »   Press Corner Magazines, articles, interviews... Press of anywhere in the world to read and download. Visit the gallery »   Special Page: Walk Of Fame Star Michelle receives her Star at Hollywood Walk of Fame Access the page »   Aging Gracefully The debate whether or not Michelle Pfeiffer has had plastic surgery. By Tim (Xvaesthirxv) Access the page »  Main  Michelle  Career  Images  Articles  Media  Specials  Extras  Website  Internet  Pforums      Go Back | Refresh | Go Foward | Home        Fourteen Miss Perfection had begun - Miss "perfección" ha nacido  Michelle posing for the promotion of GREASE 2Michelle Pfeiffer was excited before the new challenge, her first important film, Grease 2. Everything was happening so quickly. Allan Carr produced with Robert Stigwood who had a longtime association with the Bee Gees. The group's younger brother Andy Gibb, who would later die of a drug overdose, was the image writers were given to pen their character around. Other contenders for the Michael Carrington role were Shaun Cassidy, David Cassidy's brother, Greg Evigan, who was then the star of the popular TV series BJ and the Bear, rock 'n' roller Rex Smith and singer Rick Springfield. It was Caulfield who was the casting wild card who trumped the others.  Rock star Pat Benatar, Andrea McCardle, who created the role of Annie on Broadway, Lisa Hartman, who was the 'very hot' star of television's Valley of the Dolls, and actress Kristy McNichol were all strong contenders to be the leader of the Pink Ladies. Pfeiffer was the female wild card. The casting interviews and screen tests went on for some months at a cost of around $150,000. Pfeiffer never even tested opposite Caulfield, but did so well working with Shaun Cassidy that she won the role. A role on which much of a $12 million budget was riding.  Maxwell Caulfield and Michelle Pfeiffer... not too chemistry during the filming of GREASE 2Allan Carr had his two stars. Typically, he announced that he had got them both for $100,000. Lorna Luft, Judy Garland's other daughter, was cast as the man-hungry blonde Paula Rebchuck in her film debut. And there was gimmick casting with one-time screen idol Tab Hunter and the bubbly, blonde Connie Stevens - both actors were sixties heart-throbs - cast as teachers at Rydell High.  Pat Birch had never directed a film before. 'I wanted to make Grease 2 more romantic than the first one and to celebrate greasers.' The problem was the promised dazzling charisma of her two leading players. 'I just knew the chemistry would be good between Maxwell and Michelle', predicted Birch before the film took a bath from the critics She tries to shrug off stories that Caulfield and Pfeiffer ended the film loathing each other. Caulfield, always the brash one, said, 'Michelle and I got along infamously.'  Maxell and Michelle as Mixhael Carrington and Stephany Zinone in a still of GREASE 2But during filming it was Pfeiffer who worked to make her first lead role work. She had a scene to do that did no directly involve Caulfield. But she felt it was necessary that he be on the sound stage while she was filming he scene. It helped her. The genesis of Miss Perfection had begun, Other actors on the film remember Caulfield being summoned from lunch and then returning to announce 'This time they had me sitting at the top of a fucking lad der. Michelle wanted me there. I wasn't even on camera'. Pfeiffer's intent was clearer later after she had proved such a perfectionist in film. She wanted to do her best work and true to her acting classes wanted the subject of he scene to be in her if not the camera's focus.  Pfeiffer posing during the promotion of GREASE 2There was little evidence of this determination when Pfeiffer, wearing-jeans and a white T-shirt and no make up, sat at a corner table at Gladstones 4 Fish restaurant, which sits smack on the Pacific Ocean where Sunset Boulevard dead-ends in the Pacific Coast Highway. It was the summer of 1982, and Grease 2 was about to appear on the world's cinema screens.  Pfeiffer - you wouldn't recognize her from her nineties' look - was pleasant, a little shy and wary. You wonder now if she was still shaky from her cult-devotee days. She ordered a salad -Gladstones do even the individual orders in such lavish style they could keep generations of rabbits - but only nibbled at it. The buzz words were all there. Grease 2 was part of a 'wonderful' year. She had married Peter Horton. She was 'happy' with her performance in the film and 'proud' of her work in it. She also said, 'I didn't let Grease 2 go to my head.'  Michelle in a interview on TV during the filming of the film  And then, in that early interview, she made comments that had much subtext:  'My character Stephanie is the first of her group to break away, to start to be independent. And in real life that's frightening. We laugh about it now, but everything is so serious at that age, like the end of the world ... I think that's why I became an actress. I was so dramatic. I felt everything to the extreme.'  Michelle Pfeiffer as Stephany Zinone in GREASE 2  She talked about the plot as though it were the ugly duckling turning into the swan. You have to think of her own life at that time as she said, 'Through the whole film Stephanie changes from being a tomboy kind of snot to a tough little brat. But in the end she turns into a young lady.' Allan Carr and Patricia Birch could have been typecasting without having any notion that they were doing so.  Credits: Picture #5 - Bond's Michelle Pfeiffer Web Page  chapter thirteen | chapter fifteen   Site Stats  Michelle Pfeiffer, The Face © Designed and Maintained by Fran J. González [contact] Madrid Spain. Host: The Fan-Sites Network Online since: June 2, 2002 yahoo personals contadores para web Arte sites  Besucherzahler russian women website counter    Pfeiffer Pfamily Gorgeous Pfeiffer Official Pfeiffer Admiration Location Elite Affiliates Brad Pitt | Simply Brad Claire Danes | Caire Danes Fan Diane Lane | I Heart Diane Elizabeth Perkins | Elizabeth Perkins Fan Hilary Swank | Hilary Swank Fan Julia Roberts | About Julia Madeleine Stowe | Madeleine Online Meg Ryan | Meg Ryan Network Meryl Streep | Simply Streep Natasha Richardson | Adoring Natasha Nicole Kidman | Nicole's Magic Penelope Cruz | Penelope Fan Reese Witherspoon | Glamour Reese Witherspoon Rene Russo | Rene Russo Fan Sarah Jessica Parker | Sarah Jessica Central Sharon Stone | Sharon Stone Europe Sienna Miller | Sienna Online Toni Collette | Toni Collette Online More Affliliates... Disclaimer  PfeifferTheFace is 100% unofficial. We are not in contact with Michelle Pfeiffer, her manager of her family. The site is pfan run, for the pfans. All original text and graphics belong to PfeifferTheFace, all pictures, articles, etc. are copyright to their original owners. This site is non-profit, and is in no way trying to infringe on the copyrights or businesses of any of the entities. Upcoming  Personal Effects Personal Effects (2008) Post–production Details | Images | Official Site  Cheri Cheri (2008) Filming Details | Images | Official Site Make a donation  This pfan-site needs your help to go on growing. Please, read the reasons why you should make a donation and the people who unselfishly are supporting this site, so you can be here, enjoying with us.  Why donate? | Who?  Remember the money collected will be exclusively to fund the site and all the new features.        Go Back | Refresh | Go Foward || Home || Go Top        Michelle | Home/News | NewsArchive | Extensive Biography | Quotes: She | Quotes: They | Awards | Filmography | Movies | Tv-Films | Tv-Series | Guest-Star | Video-Clips | Publicity | Box-Office Gallery | Movie Gallery | Photoshoots & Covers | Red Carpet | Magazines | Media | Videos | Wallpapers | Movie-Wallpapers | Avatars | Artwork | Specials | Walk of Fame | Forums Site Updates | Site Info | Layout & Subwebs | Awards | Internet | Affiliates | Disclaimer | Contact       Copyright © 2002-2008. PfeifferTheFace.com and PfeifferTheFace.Com/Pforum are owned and operated by Fran. All images © to their respectful owners. If you would like something removed please contact me before taking legal action. No copyright infrigement intended. eXTReMe Tracker   0
g a tomboy kind of snot to a tough little brat. But in the end she turns into a young lady.' Allan Carr and Patricia Birch could have been typecasting without having any notion that they were doing so.  Credits: Picture #5 - Bond's Michelle Pfeiffer Web Page  chapter thirteen | chapter fifteen   Site Stats  Michelle Pfeiffer, The Face © Designed and Maintained by Fran J. González [contact] Madrid Spain. Host: The Fan-Sites Network Online since: June 2, 2002 yahoo personals contadores para web Arte sites  Besucherzahler russian women website counter    Pfeiffer Pfamily Gorgeous Pfeiffer Official Pfeiffer Admiration Location Elite Affiliates Brad Pitt | Simply Brad Claire Danes | Caire Danes Fan Diane Lane | I Heart Diane Elizabeth Perkins | Elizabeth Perkins Fan Hilary Swank | Hilary Swank Fan Julia Roberts | About Julia Madeleine Stowe | Madeleine Online Meg Ryan | Meg Ryan Network Meryl Streep | Simply Streep Natasha Richardson | Adoring Natasha Nicole Kidman | Nicole's Magic Penelope Cruz | Penelope Fan Reese Witherspoon | Glamour Reese Witherspoon Rene Russo | Rene Russo Fan Sarah Jessica Parker | Sarah Jessica Central Sharon Stone | Sharon Stone Europe Sienna Miller | Sienna Online Toni Collette | Toni Collette Online More Affliliates... Disclaimer  PfeifferTheFace is 100% unofficial. We are not in contact with Michelle Pfeiffer, her manager of her family. The site is pfan run, for the pfans. All original text and graphics belong to PfeifferTheFace, all pictures, articles, etc. are copyright to their original owners. This site is non-profit, and is in no way trying to infringe on the copyrights or businesses of any of the entities. Upcoming  Personal Effects Personal Effects (2008) Post–production Details | Images | Official Site  Cheri Cheri (2008) Filming Details | Images | Official Site Make a donation  This pfan-site needs your help to go on growing. Please, read the reasons why you should make a donation and the people who unselfishly are supporting this site, so you can be here, enjoying with us.  Why donate? | Who?  Remember the money collected will be exclusively to fund the site and all the new features.        Go Back | Refresh | Go Foward || Home || Go Top        Michelle | Home/News | NewsArchive | Extensive Biography | Quotes: She | Quotes: They | Awards | Filmography | Movies | Tv-Films | Tv-Series | Guest-Star | Video-Clips | Publicity | Box-Office Gallery | Movie Gallery | Photoshoots & Covers | Red Carpet | Magazines | Media | Videos | Wallpapers | Movie-Wallpapers | Avatars | Artwork | Specials | Walk of Fame | Forums Site Updates | Site Info | Layout & Subwebs | Awards | Internet | Affiliates | Disclaimer | Contact       Copyright © 2002-2008. PfeifferTheFace.com and PfeifferTheFace.Com/Pforum are owned and operated by Fran. All images © to their respectful owners. If you would like something removed please contact me before taking legal action. No copyright infrigement intended. eXTReMe Tracker   0
__label__wiki 8000 Official Site of the Premier League - Barclays Premier League News, Fixtures and Results | System | Error Barclays Home > Error Premier League Home Arsenal Football Club Aston Villa Football Club Birmingham City Football Club Blackburn Rovers Football Club Bolton Wanderers Football Club Chelsea Football Club Derby County Football Club Everton Football Club Fulham Football Club Liverpool Football Club Manchester City Football Club Manchester United Football Club Middlesbrough Football Club Newcastle United Football Club Portsmouth Football Club Reading Football Club Sunderland Football Club Tottenham Hotspur Football Club West Ham United Football Club Wigan Athletic Football Club | Search  All pages     • Home   • Matchday   • Tickets   • News   • Statistics   • Games   • Features   • Premier League   • Photos   • TV   • Contact Us  Coming Soon...   Latest Headlines  Doyle signs for Wolves  Quinn backs tough pay plan  Milner pleased with progress  Germany win Under-21 final  Jacobsen joins Blackburn  Martinez tips Rodallega to shine  Skrtel backs new signing  Edwards commits to Wolves  McLeish sets sights on midfield  Alexander extends Clarets stay  News Archive >  Coming Soon...  This new section will appear shortly. Please check back later. Please note: Fixtures are subject to change. Reproduced under licence from Football DataCo Limited. All rights reserved. Licence no. NEWMEDIA/PREMLGEGE/FDCED0910/118839. Email: Send this article to a friend Print: Print this page Barclays Premier League Barclays Premier League Barclays Barclays Official Sponsor Barclays * Loans * Credit Cards * Mortgages Barclays - Official Title Sponsor Official Website Partners Budweiser Budweiser The New Football Pools The New Football Pools Wrigley's Extra Wrigley's Extra Community Initiative Creating Chances Community Initiative Abuse Likeaballs Abuse Home · Matchday · Tickets · News · Games · Features · Premier League · Photos · © 2002-2009 Premier League · Terms and Conditions · Privacy Policy 0
__label__wiki 008000 Looking after needs of players was key for Cork hurling legend Tough Barry Echo Live Logo   •    •    •    •    • Cork News     Cork Crime Cork Health Cork Education National News Politics Traffic/Transport Send us your news   • Cork Sport     Cork GAA Cork Soccer Cork Rugby Cork Basketball Cork Racing National Sport Other Sports   • Cork Lives     Nostalgia Echo130 Connect Local   • Cork Views   • Wow!   • Business   • Directory     Activities Arts & Entertainment Beauty & Fashion Charities Education & Training Health & Fitness Home & Garden / DIY Hotels & Hospitality Motors Pharmacies Recruitment Trades & Services   • Entertainment     What's On Showbiz National Entertainment   • MORE     Advertise with us Mini Marathon 2026 Find a House Find a Job Competitions Photosales Subscribe epaper Holly Bough Horoscopes Contact Us Cookie Policy Privacy Policy About Us Terms and Conditions Apps Echo podcast Echo Sport Podcast   •    •    •    • Cork News     Cork Crime Cork Health Cork Education National News Politics Traffic/Transport Send us your news   • Cork Sport     Cork GAA Cork Soccer Cork Rugby Cork Basketball Cork Racing National Sport Other Sports   • Cork Lives     Nostalgia Echo130 Connect Local   • Cork Views   • Wow!   • Business   • Directory     Activities Arts & Entertainment Beauty & Fashion Charities Education & Training Health & Fitness Home & Garden / DIY Hotels & Hospitality Motors Pharmacies Recruitment Trades & Services   • Entertainment     What's On Showbiz National Entertainment   • More     Advertise with us Mini Marathon 2026 Find a House Find a Job Competitions Photosales Subscribe epaper Holly Bough Horoscopes Contact Us Cookie Policy Privacy Policy About Us Terms and Conditions Apps Echo podcast Echo Sport Podcast   • news   • lives   • sport   • views Thu, 14 Jan, 2021 - 08:45  Looking after needs of players was key for Cork hurling legend Tough Barry  Despite not having a background in GAA, Barry led Rebels to glory Looking after needs of players was key for Cork hurling legend Tough Barry  William 'Bowler Walsh', Christy Ring and Jim 'Tough' Barry celebrate one of the four in a row All-Ireland wins for Cork hurlers in the 1940s        Dave Hannigan  DURING the build-up to the 1943 All-Ireland hurling final, newspaper reports suggested that Antrim, surprise victors over Kilkenny in the semis, had a secret weapon which they would employ to defeat Cork.  When he gathered his players around him for their first training session before the game, Jim 'Tough' Barry was unequivocal.  “Now we don’t know what the secret weapon is, but the only weapon we have is hurling, and fitness, and this is what we are going to produce.”  His confidence was well-founded.  Antrim were subsequently devoured by 5-16 to 0-4.  The victorious Cork All-Ireland team of 1943 with the late St Finbarr's legend Tom Mulcahy second from the right in the front row. Christy Ring is on his left, while on his right is Din Joe Buckley. Also in the picture are Mick Kennefick, Jim Tough Barry, Paddy O'Donovan, Con Murphy, Dr Jim Young and Willie Murphy. The victorious Cork All-Ireland team of 1943 with the late St Finbarr's legend Tom Mulcahy second from the right in the front row. Christy Ring is on his left, while on his right is Din Joe Buckley. Also in the picture are Mick Kennefick, Jim Tough Barry, Paddy O'Donovan, Con Murphy, Dr Jim Young and Willie Murphy.  The following year, Dublin provided the opposition, the last barrier to the historic four-in-a-row.  On the morning of the final, the journalist Carbery met Barry and found him relaxed and confident.  “My lads are good and very good — an obedient, honest lot of boys who did everything I told them. We’ll win alright.”  The final score was 2-13 to 1-2.  If anybody could judge when a team was ready, it was Barry.  Between 1926 and 1966, he trained 12 Cork teams to All-Ireland titles and co-trained another two.  After Cork were knocked out early in 1934, Limerick enlisted his services and they won an All-Ireland too.  “Jim was not a learned man, but he had a natural intelligence and he was a very practical psychologist,” said Eamonn Young, a member of the All-Ireland winning football team of 1945.  “He knew if there was anything wrong with you and that’s where his charitable disposition came into play.  “He radiated a benevolent personality. He loved people. I remember him saying to me, ‘I look on all of ye as my sons’.”  His record was all the more remarkable because here was a man with no inter-county pedigree of his own.  He hurled for Blackrock in his youth, but it was as a swimmer and an amateur boxer that he’d enjoyed his best days as an athlete.  You don’t have to be a greyhound to train greyhounds,” was his standard response to questions about his own lack of experience at the highest level.  A Washington Street tailor by profession, the always impeccably turned out Barry got involved with Cork in 1926 as an assistant to Packey Mahony.  When Mahony finished up three years later, Barry took over. Although never granted a formal say in the selection of teams, his opinions gained considerable weight over time.  The job specification may have been to get the players fit, but his interpretation of the role went way beyond those parameters.  “Not only did he not play but I also wouldn’t ascribe to Jim a very in-depth knowledge of all the aspects of hurling,” said Jack Lynch in an interview with Mick Dunne on RTÉ Radio.  “He had a tremendous ability to bring out the best in the team he was training. He used to do everything.  “When the training session started, he would go down to the Park to make sure the grass was cut. If it wasn’t he would kick up holy murder! He’d make sure the jerseys were washed and the towels were washed.  “After matches, win or lose, he’d always make sure that the team were sitting down to a good meal and he wouldn’t let anybody interfere.”  PLAYER WELFARE  To Barry, the welfare of his squad was paramount.  If a work situation was interfering with a player’s ability to train or prepare for a big game, he would visit the office or factory, most often seeking out the top man to plead the case of his charge.  An extremely generous individual, he’d dip into his own pocket regularly to help out anybody on the Cork scene who might have been short a few bob for whatever reason.  “He was a very sound judge of how to get a team right for the big day,” said former GAA President Con Murphy, a Cork hurler for 10 years under Barry.  “He wasn’t in the least tough, in the sense of being a hard taskmaster.  “The secret of his success was the way he managed to gain the affection and respect of the players under his charge.  “He’d know when a player had done enough and he’d tell them not to bother training that night. In the week of a match, we’d finish up with his talk to us on a Tuesday or Wednesday night and then he’d tell us not to catch the hurley again until Sunday.  “He always wanted us to keep our appetite fresh.”  During the 12-year famine after Cork’s All-Ireland win of 1954, Barry’s methods came under critical scrutiny from a public starved of success.  The most famous adage he contributed to GAA lore was the classic, 'Cork teams are like mushrooms, the come up overnight'.  In 1966, the hurlers came from nowhere to lift Liam McCarthy in the sweetest of triumphs. The old warhorse proved right again.  Read More  Leeside Legends: Jack Lynch loved hurling long after he left the game  more Cork GAA articles  Tipperary v Cork - Munster GAA Hurling Senior Championship Round 1 Cork captain Darragh Fitzgibbon to miss rest of Munster championship Mark Coleman scores a penalty 9/5/2026 Christy O'Connor on the impact black cards are having on hurling this summer Darragh Fitzgibbon and Bryan O'Mara in action 19/4/2026 John Horgan on hurling: Tipp against Clare could be the game of the season  More in this section  Cork draw with Limerick in last Munster round robin game Cork draw with Limerick in last Munster round robin game Dylan McGlade fires Cobh Ramblers back on track against Athlone Town  Dylan McGlade fires Cobh Ramblers back on track against Athlone Town  Cork Basketball: Neptune will lean on underage talent after appointing Adam Drummond as coach Cork Basketball: Neptune will lean on underage talent after appointing Adam Drummond as coach Cork GAALeeside Legends  Tipperary v Cork - Munster GAA Hurling Senior Championship Round 1  Cork captain Darragh Fitzgibbon to miss rest of Munster championship  READ NOW  Sponsored Content  City Tiles and Bathrooms: Latest trends and timeless colours City Tiles and Bathrooms: Latest trends and timeless colours Step into nature during National Biodiversity Week Step into nature during National Biodiversity Week 55 years of Cork Simon Soup Run: The light that has never gone out 55 years of Cork Simon Soup Run: The light that has never gone out  Evening Update  Keep up-to-date with the top stories in Cork with our daily newsletter straight to your inbox.  Please click here for our privacy statement.  Latest    • Cork captain Darragh Fitzgibbon to miss rest of Munster championship    • Cork draw with Limerick in last Munster round robin game    • Cork man accused of assault and criminal damage granted bail at High Court    • State spent €400,000 on hiring executive jets for Taoiseach  008000  Have you downloaded your FREE ie logo  App?  People holding phone with App  It's all about Cork!  Have you downloaded your FREE ie logo  App?  It's all about Cork!  Download Today  App Store LogoGoogle Play Logo ie logo  Cork Club Champioships  player title  Join Éamonn Murphy, Denis Hurley and Barry O'Mahony on the new season of The Echo Sport Podcast where they'll be analysing The Cork Club Championships.  ie logo  Listen     Subscribe toThe Echo - textePaper - text  Devices with Echo live  Sign up  Download your ePaper app on  App Store LogoGoogle Play Logo  National Sport    • Leinster score 11 tries in Ospreys rout to secure second place in the URC    • Man City celebrate FA Cup glory as Antoine Semenyo strike sees off Chelsea    • Celtic crush Hearts’ dreams as late win clinches fifth straight title    • Kate O'Connor enjoying staying busy after breakthrough 2025 FOLLOW ECHO Created with Sketch.Created with Sketch. Cork News   • Cork Crime   • Cork Health   • Cork Education   • National News   • Politics   • Traffic/Transport   • Send us your news   • Send a letter Cork Sport   • Cork GAA   • Cork Soccer   • Cork Rugby   • Cork Basketball   • Cork Racing   • National Sport   • Other Sports Cork Lives   • Nostalgia   • Wow! Cork Views Business   • Directory Entertainment   • What's On   • Showbiz   • National Entertainment   • Horoscopes   • Competitions  Follow Us    •    •  Services   • Advertise with us   • Mini Marathon 2026   • Find a House   • Find a Job   • Competitions   • Photosales Our Partners   • Irish Examiner   • Breaking News   • RecruitIreland.com Support   • Echo podcast   • Horoscopes   • Contact Us   • Cookie Policy   • Privacy Policy   • About Us   • Cookie settings   • Apps  Echo Live Logo  © Examiner Echo Group Limited, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. Registered in Ireland: 523712.  Contact Us Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions  © Examiner Echo Group Limited  Echo Live Logo  Add Echolive.ie to your home screen - easy access to Cork news, views, sport and more  0
__label__wiki 9391 Azerbaijan: Party of Democratic Reforms to hold session in Baku, Today.az (2008) —  Skip to content. | Skip to navigation    • Subscribe to the ACE Newsletter  Advanced Search…   • English   Home Encyclopaedia Comparative Data Electoral Materials Support and Advice Regions & Countries About ACE Personal tools   • Log in   • Practitioners' Network You are here: Home → Regions & Countries → Countries and Territories → Azerbaijan → News → Azerbaijan: Party of Democratic Reforms to hold session in Baku, Today.az (2008)   Practitioner Login     English   Subscribe to ACE Newsletter These topic pages provide a quick overview and easy access to all content that can be found on ACE for any give topic of interest - weather encyclopaedia files, electoral materials, comparative data, consolidated replies, case studies, or other.  ELECTORAL FRAMEWORK  Legal Framework Boundary Delimitation Electoral Systems  ELECTORAL PARTICIPATION  Gender and Elections Parties and Candidates Disability and Elections Media and Elections Civic and Voter Education Direct Democracy  ELECTORAL MANAGEMENT  Electoral Management Cost of Elections  ELECTORAL INTEGRITY  Electoral Integrity Campaign Finance Measuring Electoral Quality Election Observation Electoral Assistance  ELECTORAL OPERATIONS  Voter Registration Voting Operations Voter Identification Results Management Out of Country Voting Elections and Technology Elections and Security Countries Encyclopaedia Electoral Materials Comparative Data Election Calendar Observation Portal BRIDGE Extended Learning Latest Updates Ask the Experts Consolidated Replies Find An Expert Access ACE Practitioners' Workspace About ACE The History of ACE Contact ACE ACE Partners Practitioners' Network FAQ  Azerbaijan Azerbaijan    Info  Azerbaijan: Party of Democratic Reforms to hold session in Baku, Today.az (2008)  The session of the Party of Democratic Reforms, functioning in Azerbaijan, will be held on July 19, said spokesman for the party Ulkar Abdullayeva. One of the discussed questions will be the issue of the form of the party's participation in the upcoming presidential elections.  The link address is: http://www.today.az/news/politics/46422.html  Document Actions   • EISA - Promoting Credible Elections & Democratic Governance in Africa   • Elections Canada   • IFES   • International IDEA   • United Nations. Electoral Assistance Division (EAD)   • INE - Instituto Nacional Electoral   • United Nations Development Programme   • The Carter Center   • Contact   • Privacy Policy   • Terms of Use   • Accessibility   • Site Map   • Copyright and Disclaimer  © 1998-2026 ACE project  0
__label__wiki Skip to main content SB NationSB Nation logo Come Fight With UsSunday, May 17, 2026 MMA Fighting homepageMMA FightingMMA Fighting Logo   • The Feed   • UFC   • MMA News   • Betting     • Online Sports Betting     • UFC Odds   • Podcasts   • Schedule     • Fight Schedule     • Fight Results   • Rankings   • Sections     • Results     • Boxing     • Bellator     • Videos   • Newsletters   • About Navigation Drawer   • Login     /     Sign Up   • VideoWatch   • PodcastListen   • In Five GamesPlay   • The Feed   • UFC   • MMA News     • Online Sports Betting     • UFC Odds   • Podcasts     • Fight Schedule     • Fight Results   • Rankings     • Results     • Boxing     • Bellator     • Videos   • Newsletters   • About   • Community Guidelines   • All communities   • Facebook   • Twitter   • Youtube   • RSS Community LogoMMA Fighting World MMA Awards 2010 Winners   • News  World MMA Awards 2010 Winners  by Bryan Tucker Dec 2, 2010, 3:00 AM UTC Bryan Tucker is the managing editor-in-chief of MMA Fighting and the executive director of combat sports at SB Nation. He has led MMA Fighting since 2009. Randy Couture will hose the World MMA Awards 2010.  LAS VEGAS – MMA Fighting will have World MMA Awards 2010 winners and results live tonight from The Pearl at The Palms Casino Resort. This is the third year for the awards program, which was created in 2008 by Fighters Only magazine. Nominees and eventual winners are determined by online fan voting in categories such as Fighter of the Year, Knockout of the Year and Breakthrough Fighter of the Year, as well as non-fight specific categories like Ring Girl of the Year and Most Memorable Ring Entrance. Last year’s winners included UFC president Dana White as Leading Man of the Year, Georges St-Pierre for Fighter of the Year and Brock Lesnar for Breakthrough Fighter of the Year. At the 2010 awards, MMA Fighting is nominated for Best Media Source, and MMA Fighting’s Ariel Helwani is up for MMA Journalist of the Year. This year’s show is being hosted by UFC Hall of Famer Randy Couture with co-host Molly Qerim from the Versus network. The awards will stream live at Versus.com starting at 10:30 p.m. Eastern on Wednesday. An edited one-hour highlights version of the show will air on Versus on Dec. 9 at 10 p.m. Eastern. MMA Fighting will update here throughout the night as the winners are announced, and we’ll have behind-the-scenes comments from the winners, as well. The show is a little late getting started, but should be underway soon. Lots of MMA celebrities – and mainstream celebs, too – on hand tonight at The Palms. Referee of the Year Herb Dean John McCarthy Dan Miragliotta Josh Rosenthal Mario Yamasaki WINNER: Herb Dean Herb thanks the best sport on earth and the best athletes on earth for his win. Best Technical Clothing Brand Bad Boy Hayabusa Jaco TapouT Venum WINNER: Bad Boy Best Technical Equipment Brand Everlast Fairtex Hayabusa TapouT Venum WINNER: Everlast Media Source of the Year Inside MMA MMA Fighting MMA Junkie MMA Weekly Sherdog WINNER: MMA Junkie Congrats to the folks at MMA Junkie. This is their third nomination and third win. Best Promotion Bellator DREAM Strikeforce UFC WEC WINNER: UFC Submission of the Year Fabricio Werdum vs. Fedor Emelianenko, Strikeforce: Fedor vs. Werdum Cole Miller vs. Dan Lauzon, UFC 108 Chris Leben vs. Yoshihiro Akiyama, UFC 116 Matt Hughes vs. Ricardo Almeida, UFC 117 Anderson Silva vs. Chael Sonnen, UFC 117 WINNER: Fabricio Werdum vs. Fedor Emelianenko, Strikeforce: Fedor vs. Werdum Gym of the Year American Kickboxing Academy American Top Team Black House Greg Jackson Wand Fight Team WINNER: Wand Fight Team MMA Journalist of the Year Conner Cordova, MMA Religion Gareth A. Davies, The Daily Telegraph Ariel Helwani, MMA Fighting John Morgan, MMA Junkie Aaron Teweles, Freelance Journalist WINNER: Ariel Helwani, MMA Fighting Well ... we’ll let bias come into play, just for a second. Obviously major congrats to MMA Fighting’s very own Ariel Helwani. Great speech, dedicating his win to all the fighters, as well as to the media outlets and bosses that help him pursue his dream of being an MMA journalist. Coach of the Year Rafael Cordeiro Cesar Gracie Greg Jackson Shawn Tompkins Firas Zahabi WINNER: Greg Jackson Best Lifestyle Clothing Brand Affliction FightChix RVCA Silver Star TapouT WINNER: TapouT International Fighter of the Year Shinya Aoki John Hathaway Dan Hardy Alistair Overeem George Sotiropoulos WINNER: Alistair Overeem Overeem is in Japan for K-1 and accepts his award via a pre-taped speech. Ring Girl of the Year Arianny Celeste Rachelle Leah Brittney Palmer Chandella Powell Natalie Skyy WINNER: Arianny Celeste Leading Man of the Year Scott Coker Bjorn Rebney Michael Schiavello Joe Silva Dana White WINNER: Dana White Dana White repeats in the category. No tux for him. He’s wearing the same thing he always wears. But I guess that’s allowed. Dana thanks the fans, naturally. Most Memorable Ring Entrance Clay Guida Muhammad “King Mo” Lawal Tom Lawlor Jason Miller Anderson Silva WINNER: Jason Miller The show behind the show: Miller was back here in the post-win media room snagging a free water and realized his category was up. He was walking out as he won the award and was late getting to the stage ... entrance winner, indeed. Fight of the Year Jorge Santiago vs. Kazuo Misaki, Sengoku 14 Chris Leben vs. Yoshihiro Akiyama, UFC 116 Brock Lesnar vs. Shane Carwin, UFC 116 Anderson Silva vs. Chael Sonnen, UFC 117 Chan Sung Jung vs. Leonard Garcia, WEC 48 WINNER: Anderson Silva vs. Chael Sonnen, UFC 117 Awkward timing that Silva and Sonnen get this award the day before Sonnen’s hearing for his performance enhancing drugs suspension. Silva accepts via a taped segment. Female Fighter of the Year Zoila Frausto Megumi Fujii Sarah Kaufman Cristiane Santos Miesha Tate WINNER: Cristiane Santos Knockout of the Year Cain Velasquez vs. Antonio Nogueira, UFC 110 Lyoto Machida vs. Mauricio Rua, UFC 113 Mike Russow vs. Todd Duffee, UFC 114 Rich Franklin vs. Chuck Liddell, UFC 115 Anthony Njokuani vs. Chris Horodecki, WEC 45 WINNER: Mauricio Rua over Lyoto Machida, UFC 113 Breakthrough Fighter of the Year Evan Dunham John Hathaway Jon Jones Charles Oliveira George Sotiropoulos WINNER: Jon Jones The Charles ‘Mask’ Lewis Fighter of the Year Jose Aldo Frankie Edgar Brock Lesnar Mauricio Rua Anderson Silva WINNER: Jose Aldo  See More:   • News  MMA Fighting  A daily roundup of UFC and MMA news and results  By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Advertiser Content From Sponsor Logo  This is the title for the native ad  Sponsor thumbnail  More in News  Thad Jean, Shamil Musaev square off for vacant PFL welterweight title on July 25 May 14 Thad Jean, Shamil Musaev square off for vacant PFL welterweight title on July 25 Yoel Romero vs. Hector Lombard set for Gamebred Bareknuckle MMA matchup Apr 11 Yoel Romero vs. Hector Lombard set for Gamebred Bareknuckle MMA matchup Gable Steveson trusts Jon Jones to lead him to the greatest heights in combat sports: ‘He knows best’ Apr 2 Gable Steveson trusts Jon Jones to lead him to the greatest heights in combat sports: ‘He knows best’ Video: Ronda Rousey and Gina Carano face off for the first time Mar 10 Video: Ronda Rousey and Gina Carano face off for the first time Anything but fighting: Ricky Turcios loves Dragon Ball Z, Full Metal Alchemist, More Mar 2 Anything but fighting: Ricky Turcios loves Dragon Ball Z, Full Metal Alchemist, More PFL CEO addresses potential superfight between Dakota Ditcheva and Cris Cyborg Feb 19 PFL CEO addresses potential superfight between Dakota Ditcheva and Cris Cyborg NewsMay 14 Thad Jean, Shamil Musaev square off for vacant PFL welterweight title on July 25Thad Jean, Shamil Musaev square off for vacant PFL welterweight title on July 25 NewsMay 14 Thad Jean, Shamil Musaev square off for vacant PFL welterweight title on July 25  The PFL announced that Thad Jean takes on Shamil Musaev for the vacant PFL welterweight title this summer  By Jed Meshew Latest NewsApr 11 Yoel Romero vs. Hector Lombard set for Gamebred Bareknuckle MMA matchupYoel Romero vs. Hector Lombard set for Gamebred Bareknuckle MMA matchup Latest NewsApr 11 Yoel Romero vs. Hector Lombard set for Gamebred Bareknuckle MMA matchup  Jorge Masvidal announced that Yoel Romero will face Hector Lombard in a bare-knuckle MMA fight in May.  By Mike Heck UFCApr 2 Gable Steveson trusts Jon Jones to lead him to the greatest heights in combat sports: ‘He knows best’Gable Steveson trusts Jon Jones to lead him to the greatest heights in combat sports: ‘He knows best’ UFCApr 2 Gable Steveson trusts Jon Jones to lead him to the greatest heights in combat sports: ‘He knows best’  Gable Steveson helped Jon Jones get ready for Stipe Miocic and now counts him as a friend and coach  By Damon Martin NewsMar 10 Video: Ronda Rousey and Gina Carano face off for the first timeVideo: Ronda Rousey and Gina Carano face off for the first time NewsMar 10 Video: Ronda Rousey and Gina Carano face off for the first time  Ronda Rousey and Gina Carano will fight on May 16 in MMA  By Jed Meshew VideosMar 2 Anything but fighting: Ricky Turcios loves Dragon Ball Z, Full Metal Alchemist, MoreAnything but fighting: Ricky Turcios loves Dragon Ball Z, Full Metal Alchemist, More VideosMar 2 Anything but fighting: Ricky Turcios loves Dragon Ball Z, Full Metal Alchemist, More  Ahead of UFC 326, Ricky Turcios joins MMA Fighting’s José Youngs to discuss his love for anime, Dragon Ball Z, Full Metal Alchemist, and more.  By Joseph Youngs and José Youngs PFLFeb 19 PFL CEO addresses potential superfight between Dakota Ditcheva and Cris CyborgPFL CEO addresses potential superfight between Dakota Ditcheva and Cris Cyborg PFLFeb 19 PFL CEO addresses potential superfight between Dakota Ditcheva and Cris Cyborg  Dakota Ditcheva is recovering from a hand injury that prevented her from fighting at PFL Dubai  By Damon Martin Advertiser Content From Sponsor Logo  This is the title for the native ad  The Latest  53 minutes ago Reaction: Dana White announces Conor McGregor vs. Max Holloway 2 during MVP MMA card﻿Podcast Two hours ago ‘Glad I didn’t have to pay for that’: Pros react to Ronda Rousey’s anticlimactic win over Gina Carano at MVP MMA Two hours ago Ronda Rousey needs just 17 seconds to tap out Gina Carano with signature armbar submission Two hours ago Ronda Rousey vs. Gina Carano full fight video highlights Two hours ago Ronda Rousey vs. Gina Carano MVP MMA live blog Two hours ago Rousey vs. Carano salaries: Ronda Rousey, Gina Carano and Francis Ngannou earn 7-figure paydays MMA Fighting: UFC, Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) News, Results Logo   • Facebook   • Twitter   • Youtube   • RSS   • The Feed   • Masthead   • Community Guidelines   • Facebook   • Twitter   • YouTube   • Contact   • Have a news tip?   • Browse Communities   • SB Nation Staff   • Job Opportunities   • Editorial Ethics & Guidelines   • DMCA Policy   • Privacy Policy   • Terms of Use   • Cookie Policy   • Licensing   • Accessibility   • Platform Status  © 2026 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved  Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
or the first timeVideo: Ronda Rousey and Gina Carano face off for the first time NewsMar 10 Video: Ronda Rousey and Gina Carano face off for the first time  Ronda Rousey and Gina Carano will fight on May 16 in MMA  By Jed Meshew VideosMar 2 Anything but fighting: Ricky Turcios loves Dragon Ball Z, Full Metal Alchemist, MoreAnything but fighting: Ricky Turcios loves Dragon Ball Z, Full Metal Alchemist, More VideosMar 2 Anything but fighting: Ricky Turcios loves Dragon Ball Z, Full Metal Alchemist, More  Ahead of UFC 326, Ricky Turcios joins MMA Fighting’s José Youngs to discuss his love for anime, Dragon Ball Z, Full Metal Alchemist, and more.  By Joseph Youngs and José Youngs PFLFeb 19 PFL CEO addresses potential superfight between Dakota Ditcheva and Cris CyborgPFL CEO addresses potential superfight between Dakota Ditcheva and Cris Cyborg PFLFeb 19 PFL CEO addresses potential superfight between Dakota Ditcheva and Cris Cyborg  Dakota Ditcheva is recovering from a hand injury that prevented her from fighting at PFL Dubai  By Damon Martin Advertiser Content From Sponsor Logo  This is the title for the native ad  The Latest  53 minutes ago Reaction: Dana White announces Conor McGregor vs. Max Holloway 2 during MVP MMA card﻿Podcast Two hours ago ‘Glad I didn’t have to pay for that’: Pros react to Ronda Rousey’s anticlimactic win over Gina Carano at MVP MMA Two hours ago Ronda Rousey needs just 17 seconds to tap out Gina Carano with signature armbar submission Two hours ago Ronda Rousey vs. Gina Carano full fight video highlights Two hours ago Ronda Rousey vs. Gina Carano MVP MMA live blog Two hours ago Rousey vs. Carano salaries: Ronda Rousey, Gina Carano and Francis Ngannou earn 7-figure paydays MMA Fighting: UFC, Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) News, Results Logo   • Facebook   • Twitter   • Youtube   • RSS   • The Feed   • Masthead   • Community Guidelines   • Facebook   • Twitter   • YouTube   • Contact   • Have a news tip?   • Browse Communities   • SB Nation Staff   • Job Opportunities   • Editorial Ethics & Guidelines   • DMCA Policy   • Privacy Policy   • Terms of Use   • Cookie Policy   • Licensing   • Accessibility   • Platform Status  © 2026 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved  Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
__label__wiki AllAfrica English (current) En Français   • Toggle navigation   • My Account Toggle navigation AllAfrica My Account English (current) En Français  Zambia: Clever Silavwe Fired  24 October 2006 The Times of Zambia (Ndola)  PRESIDENT Levy Mwanawasa has with immediate effect terminated the services of Northern Province Minister Clever Silavwe.  The decision to terminate Mr Silavwe's appointment has been done in the national interest. He was re-appointed two weeks ago at the first Press conference by the President since his re-election.  ...  AllAfrica Subscription Content  You must be an allAfrica.com subscriber for full access to certain content.  You have selected an article from the AllAfrica archive, which requires a subscription. You can subscribe by visiting our subscription page. Or for more information about becoming a subscriber, you can read our subscription and contribution overview.  For information about our premium subscription services:   • Individuals   • Educational Institutions   • Global Institutions and Corporations  You can also freely access - without a subscription - hundreds of today's top Africa stories and thousands of recent news articles from our home page »  Already a subscriber? Sign in for full access to article  Sign In Forgot your password? Having trouble logging in? Contact Us.  Tagged:   • Zambia   • Southern Africa Copyright © 2006 The Times of Zambia. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media (allAfrica.com). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections — or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here.  AllAfrica publishes around 600 reports a day from more than 90 news organizations and over 500 other institutions and individuals, representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct.  Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica. To address comments or complaints, please Contact us.  AllAfrica is a voice of, by and about Africa - aggregating, producing and distributing 600 news and information items daily from over 90 African news organizations and our own reporters to an African and global public. We operate from Cape Town, Dakar, Abuja, Johannesburg, Nairobi and Washington DC.    • Support our work   • Sign up for our newsletter   • For Advertisers   • Subscribe Get it on Google Play Download on the App Store   • © 2026 AllAfrica   • Privacy Policy   • Contact Us   • About Us AllAfrica - All the Time  Sign up for free AllAfrica Newsletters  Get the latest in African news delivered straight to your inbox  By submitting above, you agree to our privacy policy.  Success!  Almost finished...  We need to confirm your email address.  To complete the process, please follow the instructions in the email we just sent you.  Error!  Error!  There was a problem processing your submission. Please try again later.
__label__wiki 1A84 Justin Timberlake And Jay-Z Confirm 'Legends Of The Summer' 2013 Stadium Tour? - Capital     Skip to content     skip to navigation      Capital      Listen      On Air Now      Lydia Rodford 5am - 9am      Lydia Rodford      Now Playing      Think About Us Sonny Fodera, D.O.D & Poppy Baskcomb Download 'Think About Us' on iTunes      Think About Us artwork     • Last Played Songs     • Schedule     • Home     • Choose your location     • Radio     • News     • Artists     • Charity     • Store     • TV & Film     • Music     • Celebrity     • Capital Buzz     • Internet     • Events     • Win     • Follow us on:       Follow Capital on Facebook       Follow Capital on Instagram       Follow Capital on Youtube      Artists      Justin Timberlake      • Justin Timberlake Home     • News     • Photos     • Videos     • Music     • More Artists      Justin Timberlake And Jay-Z Confirm 'Legends Of The Summer' 2013 Stadium Tour?      22 February 2013, 14:23      Facebook share      The 'SexyBack' singer and the rapper will apparently head out on a 12-date jaunt across a series of US cities.      Justin Timberlake and Jay-Z have reportedly teased details of an apparent joint summer tour for 2013.      Rumours of a stadium outing between the two stars have been rife for weeks with the rapper taking to his Life + Times blog to post a series of venues tagged with the note #LegendsOfSummer this week.      If confirmed, the pair will play 12 dates across the US this summer including the famous New York Yankee Stadium and Fenway Park in Boston.      No dates or further countries have been teased as of yet – with fans on Twitter anticipating an imminent announcement confirming the reports soon.      It was also recently announced that the pair will co-headline this summer's Wireless Festival at the Olympic Park in London.       Check out a full list of the teased tour venues below:      Yankee Stadium, Bronx, New York     Hershey Park Stadium, Hershey, Pennsylvania     Citizen Bank Park, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania     M&T Bank Stadium, Baltimore, Maryland     Soldier Field, Chicago, Illinois     Ford Field, Detroit, Michigan     Rose Bowl Stadium, Pasadena, California     Candlestick Park, San Francisco, California     Sun Life Stadium, Miami, Florida     Fenway Park, Boston, Massachusetts     BC Place Stadium, Vancouver, Canada     Rogers Center, Toronto, Canada      Meanwhile, Justin performed his new song 'Mirrors' for the first time at the BRIT Awards 2013 this week as well as his own headline show at The Forum in Kentish Town.      Facebook share      Justin Timberlake Music      See more Justin Timberlake Music      Like I Love You artwork     Like I Love You     Justin Timberlake     Download on 2B40 iTunes     Signs artwork     Signs     Snoop Dogg / Justin Timberlake     Like I Love You artwork     Like I Love You     Justin Timberlake     SexyBack artwork     SexyBack     Justin Timberlake     Download 'SexyBack' on iTunes      Justin Timberlake News      See more Justin Timberlake News      Hailey Bieber responds to hate with sweet comment      Hailey Bieber responds to hate with sweet comment      News      Justin Timberlake Videos      See more Justin Timberlake Videos      Hailey Bieber's dad says Jack Blues in 'unbelievably cute'      Hailey Bieber's Dad Reveals When Baby Jack Blues Bieber Will Make His First Public Appearance      News      Justin Timberlake Pictures      See more Justin Timberlake Pictures      Justin Timberlake at the Summertime Ball 2013      Justin Timberlake At The Summertime Ball 2013 - Pictures      Back to top      Also on Capital FM      • Love Island     • MAFS Australia     • Taylor Swift     • Competition Terms and Conditions     • Capital Breakfast with Jordan North, Chris Stark and Sian Welby     • Capital Dance     • Capital Anthems     • Capital Buzz     • Bridgerton     • Podcasts     • Topics     • New Music     • Married at First Sight UK     • Listen to Global Player     • How to listen to Capital Chill     • Global Academy     • Netflix     • One Direction     • Harry Styles     • Capital Playlist      Useful Links      • Contact Us     • Help     • How To Listen     • Company Details     • Cookies     • Public File     • Privacy     • Terms & Conditions     • Advertise     • Global Careers     • Smooth Spins Casino     • Heart Bingo      Download the app      Get it on the app store Get it on Google Play      Follow Us      Follow Capital on Facebook     Follow Capital on Instagram     Follow Capital on Youtube     © Global 2026     30 Leicester Square, London, WC2H 7LA     Privacy Manager     0
__label__wiki Skip to contentToday's paper Newsday Long IslandSportsNewsRestaurantsOpinionBusinessThings to DoSchoolsObituariesNewsday TVSearch  The page you requested is not available.  The page you are looking for might have been removed, had its name changed, or is temporarily unavailable.  Please try the following:    • If you typed the page address in the Address bar, make sure that it is spelled correctly.   • Open the www.newsday.com home page and look for links to the information you want.   • Use the navigation bar on the top to find the link you are looking for.   • Click the Back button to try another link.   • Enter a term in the search to look for information on newsday sites or the Internet.   • Please contact us to report a bad link or technical issue.  Stay logged in.  The Newsday app makes it easier to access content without having to log in.  in the app Didn't find what you were looking for?  Quick Links  About UsSubscribeToday's paperEmail newslettersNewsday LiveCareersManage my accountMobile & TV appsContestsArchives  Advertising  Media KitBrand 360Newsday ProductionsNewsday ConnectClassifiedsPublic Notices  News  Long IslandSportsOpinionPoliticsNewsBusinessTownsHigh school sports  Featured  FunbookObituariesCrosswordsThings to DoEntertainmentRestaurantsFamilyTravelNextLI  Terms of service | Subscription terms | Privacy Policy | California Privacy Rights | About Us | Contact Newsday | Reprints & permissions | Advertise with Newsday | Help | AI policy |  Your Privacy Choices  Copyright ©2026 Newsday. All rights reserved.
San Francisco, California     Sun Life Stadium, Miami, Florida     Fenway Park, Boston, Massachusetts     BC Place Stadium, Vancouver, Canada     Rogers Center, Toronto, Canada      Meanwhile, Justin performed his new song 'Mirrors' for the first time at the BRIT Awards 2013 this week as well as his own headline show at The Forum in Kentish Town.      Facebook share      Justin Timberlake Music      See more Justin Timberlake Music      Like I Love You artwork     Like I Love You     Justin Timberlake     Download on 2B40 iTunes     Signs artwork     Signs     Snoop Dogg / Justin Timberlake     Like I Love You artwork     Like I Love You     Justin Timberlake     SexyBack artwork     SexyBack     Justin Timberlake     Download 'SexyBack' on iTunes      Justin Timberlake News      See more Justin Timberlake News      Hailey Bieber responds to hate with sweet comment      Hailey Bieber responds to hate with sweet comment      News      Justin Timberlake Videos      See more Justin Timberlake Videos      Hailey Bieber's dad says Jack Blues in 'unbelievably cute'      Hailey Bieber's Dad Reveals When Baby Jack Blues Bieber Will Make His First Public Appearance      News      Justin Timberlake Pictures      See more Justin Timberlake Pictures      Justin Timberlake at the Summertime Ball 2013      Justin Timberlake At The Summertime Ball 2013 - Pictures      Back to top      Also on Capital FM      • Love Island     • MAFS Australia     • Taylor Swift     • Competition Terms and Conditions     • Capital Breakfast with Jordan North, Chris Stark and Sian Welby     • Capital Dance     • Capital Anthems     • Capital Buzz     • Bridgerton     • Podcasts     • Topics     • New Music     • Married at First Sight UK     • Listen to Global Player     • How to listen to Capital Chill     • Global Academy     • Netflix     • One Direction     • Harry Styles     • Capital Playlist      Useful Links      • Contact Us     • Help     • How To Listen     • Company Details     • Cookies     • Public File     • Privacy     • Terms & Conditions     • Advertise     • Global Careers     • Smooth Spins Casino     • Heart Bingo      Download the app      Get it on the app store Get it on Google Play      Follow Us      Follow Capital on Facebook     Follow Capital on Instagram     Follow Capital on Youtube     © Global 2026     30 Leicester Square, London, WC2H 7LA     Privacy Manager     0
__label__wiki Skip to contentToday's paper Newsday Long IslandSportsNewsRestaurantsOpinionBusinessThings to DoSchoolsObituariesNewsday TVSearch  The page you requested is not available.  The page you are looking for might have been removed, had its name changed, or is temporarily unavailable.  Please try the following:    • If you typed the page address in the Address bar, make sure that it is spelled correctly.   • Open the www.newsday.com home page and look for links to the information you want.   • Use the navigation bar on the top to find the link you are looking for.   • Click the Back button to try another link.   • Enter a term in the search to look for information on newsday sites or the Internet.   • Please contact us to report a bad link or technical issue.  Stay logged in.  The Newsday app makes it easier to access content without having to log in.  in the app Didn't find what you were looking for?  Quick Links  About UsSubscribeToday's paperEmail newslettersNewsday LiveCareersManage my accountMobile & TV appsContestsArchives  Advertising  Media KitBrand 360Newsday ProductionsNewsday ConnectClassifiedsPublic Notices  News  Long IslandSportsOpinionPoliticsNewsBusinessTownsHigh school sports  Featured  FunbookObituariesCrosswordsThings to DoEntertainmentRestaurantsFamilyTravelNextLI  Terms of service | Subscription terms | Privacy Policy | California Privacy Rights | About Us | Contact Newsday | Reprints & permissions | Advertise with Newsday | Help | AI policy |  Your Privacy Choices  Copyright ©2026 Newsday. All rights reserved.
__label__wiki 8000 Diehard GameFAN | Tabletop Review: Spelljammer: Adventures in Space (Advanced Dungeons & Dragons, Second Edition) Movies TV Comics Wrestling Games MMA/Boxing Figures Tabletop Review: Spelljammer: Adventures in Space (Advanced Dungeons & Dragons, Second Edition) by Alex Lucard on March 7, 2014 Tweet  Spelljammer: Adventures in Space (Advanced Dungeons & Dragons 2nd Edition) Publisher: Wizards of the Coast Page Count: 248 Pages across two books Cost: $9.99 Release Date: 03/04/2014 (Originally 1989) Get it Here: DNDClassics.com  Wow. I can’t express how happy I am to have the Spelljammer: Adventures in Space boxed set once again available to the public. Sure it’s in PDF form instead of in a fun box, but you can’t lose the maps and ship handouts with a digital copy like twelve year old me did with the physical version. Spelljammer is just such a fun and fantastic idea and along with Planescape and Ravenloft, it remains one of my three big campaign settings for Advanced Dungeons & Dragons and is a big part of why 2e is my favorite version of D&D.  Spelljammer somehow manages to change everything you know about D&D while still holding true to the mechanics and core ideas of the game. Through it, you can have a wonderful blend of sci-fi filtered through a high fantasy lens along with the ability to travel from say Oerth to Krynn and then on to Toril. It’s really a wonderful idea and in fact, one started by Gary Gygax himself with Expedition to the Barrier Peaks. After all this earlier OD&D adventure had characters entering a sci-fi location with strange aliens and technological marvels a plenty. What Spelljammer did was simply flesh out the sci-fi aspects of Advanced Dungeons & Dragons while still making them work with wizardry and iron age combat. Spelljammer is the setting where Beholders and Mind Flayers were given complete ecologies, histories and homeworld. It’s the setting where the tinker gnomes of Dragonlance were given a serious look. It’s where Lizardmen were first treated as a playable PC race. It’s the setting that gave us Giffs, Neogi, my beloved Rastipedes and of course GIANT SPACE HAMSTERS. I could go on for hours about everything that makes Spelljammer so entertaining, but suffice to say, the fact that you are getting the full boxed set for only $9.99 makes this not only a must buy, but perhaps the biggest bargain on DNDclassics.com  Spelljammer: Adventures in Space gives you two core books. You get The Concordance of Arcane Space and Lorebook of the Void. The original physical boxed set also came with eleven handouts and four maps. These are now included with The Concordance of Arcane Space‘s PDF. Everything looks as crisp, clear and colorful as with the original print copies and it’s easy to read all of these on either computers or e-readers like a Kindle Fire. Now, the maps and handouts are only the size of a regular page now that they are in PDF form, but that’s a minor kibble at best.  The book you should read first is The Concordance of Arcane Space as it gives you the introduction to Spelljammer. Here you get an overview of the setting and what to expect from it. This is where terms like Wildspace, Phlogiston Spheres and other Spelljammer specific jargon gets explained for the very first time. Even if you never play a Spelljammer campaign, the explanation for everything is just so fascinating, fun and imaginative, that you’ll enjoy reading it. I can’t believe how fresh this feels even twenty five years later. Rules for air quality, gravity, temperature and time are all things that you’ll find in The Concordance of Arcane Space – mechanics you’d never need or even think of for other campaign settings.  Although most of the playable new races are found in The Complete Spacefarer’s Handbook, you will find rules for Lizardmen PCs here. You’ll also find some very important rules for playing a Cleric in Spelljammer and how it can be quite hard to gain spells outside of you God’s sphere of influence. Conjuring and Summoning spells also take on different characteristics. Fire however may have the biggest impediment. This means a lot of common spells and especially healing magic take on a new twist, causing players to think different about what kind of a character to make and the tactics they will use.  Of course, what would Spelljammer be without rules for how to buy and/or build your own ship? That’s all in here too. Of course, building a ship is extremely expensive and you have to maintain a crew to boot. This means Spelljammer is an excellent way for long running characters to use that hard gained loot that is just sitting around somewhere. You’ll also find rules for ship on ship combat, saving throws for all sorts of potential hull materials, crew based morale checks and interplanetary travel.  The last thing we’ll look at in The Concordance of Arcane Space is “The Rock of Brawl,” which gives DMs and players alike their first playable Spelljammer location, complete with story seeds, a cast of memorable characters. There is a lot of great stuff here and the map still looks great. The map does have one minor problem with it though. In coverting it from an oversized map from the boxed set into a standard PDF page, the words “The Lesser Market” and “Dungeon” are warped and blurry. There’s also a red dotted line going through the entire map towards the top. A minor quibble, but one purists might grumble over.  Now let’s talk The Lorebook of the Void. This second book in the “boxed” set is also a lot of fun. The first chapter in the book gives DMs a lot of ideas and suggestions for running a campaign in space as well as one that flitters between worlds. You are also given a glossary of terms and a fun ideas on making alien versions of common D&D creatures. One great example is the Beholder bartender who has a Detect Lie eye instead of the Death Ray one. This lets it be an effective bartender and patrons don’t have to worry about being killed instantly. They do have to worry about disintegration or petrification if they don’t pay their tab however…  Chapter Two is all about Spelljammer vessels. You’re given a whole host of crafts along with their stats. These are common spacefaring vessels and should help DMs running a Spelljammer campaign immensely. The Gnomish Sidewheeler and Neogi Mindspider are amongst my favorites. Chapter Three is entitled “Spacefarers” and it talks about the culture of various D&D races in space. You get a really nice look at all the PC and NPC races common to the game, regardless of setting and how alien versions might be different from established worlds. Goblins, Ogres, Giants, Centaur, Dragons and even Undead have their own listings here. Of note are the entries for Mind Flayers and Beholder, as this is the book and setting that really defined both as a species instead of just creepy looking antagonists. Lycanthropes too have a long and highly detailed section in this chapter – for obvious reasons. The chapter then ends with Monstrous Compendium entries for a lot of creatures, all of which are tremendously entertaining and worth using. Chapter Four is “Known Spheres” and it talks about the core D&D worlds: Krynn, Toril and Oerth, along with important planets or moons within their sphere. That, my friends, is the entire book.  So yes, you’re getting all this plus maps and handouts for under ten bucks. It’s a terrific deal and one any D&D fan can make great use of. Even if you don’t play Second Edition AD&D, the ideas, mechanics and creatures presented here can be applied to any version of the game with a little effort and the end result will be well worth it. Out of everything on DNDclassics.com so far, this is by far my favorite offering (so far) and with a little luck, it will be yours too. Now, let’s see those Ravenloft and Planescape boxed sets on the site as well, am I right?     Tags: AD&D, Dungeons & Dragons  Related Archive Articles  more articles »  Book Review: Night of the Hunter: Companions Codex, Book 8000 I (Dungeons & Dragons)  Tabletop Review: Spelljammer: Adventures in Space (Advanced Dungeons & Dragons, Second Edition)  Tabletop Review: The World of Fatherail: The Shadow's Dungeon (Pathfinder)  Review: The Witch and the Hundred Knight (Sony Playstation 3)  Alex Lucard  view profile » Alexander Lucard is the Editor-in-Chief of Diehard GameFAN and Director of Operations for the InsidePulse network. He has worked in video game journalism since 2002 and is also a paid consultant for Konami and The Pokemon Company. Alex has previously written for Tips N Tricks, Gamespot, White Wolf, TSR, Wizards of the Coast, Eden Studios, 411mania, Not a True Ending and more. His writing can also be found in the monthly periodicals Massive Online Gamer and Pokemon Collector Magazine.  Follow on Twitter · Follow on Facebook · Email Alex Lucard  Recent Posts »  Tweets by @diehardgamefan  Featured Writers  Alex Lucard    • » Tabletop Review: Spelljammer: Adventures in Space (Advanced Dungeons & Dragons, Second Edition)   • » Tabletop Review: The World of Fatherail: The Shadow's Dungeon (Pathfinder)      • Mark B.    • » Walkthrough: Dangan Ronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc   • » Book Review: The Art of Titanfall      • Sean Madson    • » Diehard GameCAST: Episode 46 - Bravely Default, Danganronpa, Persona 4 Golden, Jazzpunk, and more!   • » Review: Donkey Kong Country: Tropical Freeze (Nintendo Wii U)      • Aaron Sirois    • » Review: Antisquad (PC)   • » Review: King Oddball (Sony PlayStation Vita)      • Ashe Collins    • » Book Review: Night of the Hunter: Companions Codex, Book I (Dungeons & Dragons)   • » Review: The Witch and the Hundred Knight (Sony Playstation 3)      • Michael O'Reilly    • » Review: Assassins Creed 4: Black Flag DLC Freedom Cry (Playstation 4)   • » Review: Killzone Shadow Fall (Sony PlayStation 4)      • Aileen Coe    • » Capcom Working On New Ace Attorney Game   • » Pokemon Bank Comes to North America      • Robert Hubbs    • » DHGF Interview: Codebrush Games   • » Review: Nidhogg (PC)      • Crystal Steltenpohl    • » Review: Inazuma Eleven (Nintendo 3DS)   • » What’s New This Month in Animal Crossing: New Leaf – March      • Matt Yeager    • » Review: LocoCycle (Xbox 360)   • » Review: Jazzpunk (PC)      • Recent Comments      Search Pulse      Author:      Zone:      Category:      more news » < 4e23 /div>     Super Smash Bros for Wii U and 3DS - Semi Auto Finishers »     Multiple Persona Titles Coming to North America »     Super Smash Bros for Wii U and 3DS - Diddy Kong Cartwheels In »      Movies       Movie Reviews     Blu Ray Reviews     DVD Reviews     Box Office      TV       News     Reviews     Spoilers     Features      Comics       Marvel     DC Comics     Figures     Features      Wrestling       News     Reviews     Columns     Features      MMA/Boxing       MMA News     MMA Columns     Boxing News     Boxing Columns      Video Games       Reviews     News     Columns     Features      Sports       News     Reviews     Columns     Features      More       Figures     Music     Games     Celebrities     Contact Us · Staff · Privacy      © 2014 Inside Pulse          Dashboards: Combined · Wrestling · Fights · Diehard     So, with this Simple Jquery Modal Window, it can be in any shapes you want! Simple and Easy to modify : )      0
cond Edition)  Tabletop Review: The World of Fatherail: The Shadow's Dungeon (Pathfinder)  Review: The Witch and the Hundred Knight (Sony Playstation 3)  Alex Lucard  view profile » Alexander Lucard is the Editor-in-Chief of Diehard GameFAN and Director of Operations for the InsidePulse network. He has worked in video game journalism since 2002 and is also a paid consultant for Konami and The Pokemon Company. Alex has previously written for Tips N Tricks, Gamespot, White Wolf, TSR, Wizards of the Coast, Eden Studios, 411mania, Not a True Ending and more. His writing can also be found in the monthly periodicals Massive Online Gamer and Pokemon Collector Magazine.  Follow on Twitter · Follow on Facebook · Email Alex Lucard  Recent Posts »  Tweets by @diehardgamefan  Featured Writers  Alex Lucard    • » Tabletop Review: Spelljammer: Adventures in Space (Advanced Dungeons & Dragons, Second Edition)   • » Tabletop Review: The World of Fatherail: The Shadow's Dungeon (Pathfinder)      • Mark B.    • » Walkthrough: Dangan Ronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc   • » Book Review: The Art of Titanfall      • Sean Madson    • » Diehard GameCAST: Episode 46 - Bravely Default, Danganronpa, Persona 4 Golden, Jazzpunk, and more!   • » Review: Donkey Kong Country: Tropical Freeze (Nintendo Wii U)      • Aaron Sirois    • » Review: Antisquad (PC)   • » Review: King Oddball (Sony PlayStation Vita)      • Ashe Collins    • » Book Review: Night of the Hunter: Companions Codex, Book I (Dungeons & Dragons)   • » Review: The Witch and the Hundred Knight (Sony Playstation 3)      • Michael O'Reilly    • » Review: Assassins Creed 4: Black Flag DLC Freedom Cry (Playstation 4)   • » Review: Killzone Shadow Fall (Sony PlayStation 4)      • Aileen Coe    • » Capcom Working On New Ace Attorney Game   • » Pokemon Bank Comes to North America      • Robert Hubbs    • » DHGF Interview: Codebrush Games   • » Review: Nidhogg (PC)      • Crystal Steltenpohl    • » Review: Inazuma Eleven (Nintendo 3DS)   • » What’s New This Month in Animal Crossing: New Leaf – March      • Matt Yeager    • » Review: LocoCycle (Xbox 360)   • » Review: Jazzpunk (PC)      • Recent Comments      Search Pulse      Author:      Zone:      Category:      more news » < 4e23 /div>     Super Smash Bros for Wii U and 3DS - Semi Auto Finishers »     Multiple Persona Titles Coming to North America »     Super Smash Bros for Wii U and 3DS - Diddy Kong Cartwheels In »      Movies       Movie Reviews     Blu Ray Reviews     DVD Reviews     Box Office      TV       News     Reviews     Spoilers     Features      Comics       Marvel     DC Comics     Figures     Features      Wrestling       News     Reviews     Columns     Features      MMA/Boxing       MMA News     MMA Columns     Boxing News     Boxing Columns      Video Games       Reviews     News     Columns     Features      Sports       News     Reviews     Columns     Features      More       Figures     Music     Games     Celebrities     Contact Us · Staff · Privacy      © 2014 Inside Pulse          Dashboards: Combined · Wrestling · Fights · Diehard     So, with this Simple Jquery Modal Window, it can be in any shapes you want! Simple and Easy to modify : )      0
__label__wiki One more step  Please complete the security check to access  Why do I have to complete a CAPTCHA?  Completing the CAPTCHA proves you are a human and gives you temporary access to the web property.  What can I do to prevent this in the future?  If you are on a personal connection, like at home, you can run an anti-virus scan on your device to make sure it is not infected with malware. If you are at an office or shared network, you can ask the network administrator to run a scan across the network looking for misconfigured or infected devices.
__label__wiki 8000 KNLA and Allied Forces Complete Epic Victory over all Junta | Burma News International Skip to main content  Search form  Burma News International  Burma News International    • News   • Feature   • Opinion   • Factcheck   • Multimedia Donate  Search form  Search   • En   • မြန်မာ   • Unicode   • Zawgyi Mega Menu Button   • News   • Feature   • Opinion   • Factcheck   • Multimedia  Burma News International (BNI) is a network of 15 independent media and news organizations based in and around Burma    • Chin World   • Development Media Group   • Kaladan Press   • Kachin News Group   • Kantarawaddy   • Karen Information Center   • Khonumthung News   • Mizzima   • Independent Mon News Agency   • Myitkyina Journal   • Narinjara   • Network Media Group   • Shan Herald Agency for News   • Than Lwin Times   • The Voice of Shan Ni   • About Us   • Announcements   • Publications   • Index   • Contact   • Myanmar Peace Monitor  Responsive Menu    • News   • Feature   • Opinion  KNLA and Allied Forces Complete Epic Victory over all Junta  Published Thursday, April 11, 2024 KNLA and Allied Forces Complete Epic Victory over all Junta  The Junta's 275th Infantry Battalion stationed in Myawaddy Township Karen State, was seized by the resistance joint forces led by the Karen National Liberation Army (KNLA) on April 10, resulting in significant casualties among Junta troops and prompting many to flee.  KNLA-led joint forces launched a robust offensive against the battalion base on April 9, seizing it by nightfall the following day, frontline sources said. When the battle ended, many troops from the Junta's 275th Infantry Battalion were reported dead or injured. Other soldiers are reported to have fled across the border into Thailand.  Two other Myawaddy -based battalions had already surrendered to the KNLA-led resistance with over 600 soldiers and families. In a statement posted to its social media channels, the KNU reported that 477 military personnel surrendered at the Junta’s main base in Thanganyinaung, in addition to 140 family members.  Myawaddy residents reported that following the capture of the final base, the situation remained calm from the night of April 10 until the morning of April 11, with no further fighting.  Earlier, the Junta dispatched reinforcements to prevent Myawaddy from falling into the hands of the resistance forces. The reinforcement convoy is currently stationed at Kyondoe with no prospect of any further advance, locals reported.  After the Junta had already lost control of areas along Myanmar's borders with Bangladesh, China and India with Myanmar's resistance forces in control of almost all border trading posts.  Now with this loss of military control over the hugely- important Myawaddy- Mae Sot border trade, observers are calling this a stunning blow to the credibility and viability of the post- coup regime.  This defeat is bound to have a wide- spectrum of repercussions including economic, trade and could challenge long-standing assumptions of Asean ’s Myanmar diplomacy. Until recently both western and Asean diplomats had assumed the path of conflict resolution had to include the Junta as part of a negotiated solution. Now the NUG and EAOs vision of a Junta-free future becomes an increasingly realistic scenario.      Myawaddy is the most important land border for the importation of Thai goods to such major cities as Yangon and Mandalay. According to figures from the junta’s Ministry of Commerce cited by Myanmar Now, the value of trade through Myawaddy between April 2023 and February 2024 fell by more than 40 %  compared to the same period the year before, from $1.87 billion to $1.085 billion.  Thai border officials are on the alert but have stated that the Mae Sot border will remain open to receive thousands more refugees, as well as Myanmar soldiers and their families who wish to be repatriated from Mae Sot to Myanmar.  Given the Thai and Myanmar New Year, the issue of establishing a new border control  on the Myanmar side opposite Mae Sot and full resumption of trade is likely to be resolved until the end of the holiday period.  Most read this week  Junta Troops Carry Out Systematic Arson Attack Nearly 300 Homes destroyed April 5, 2024 Youth Detained in Search looking for suspected CDM at Mae Sot-Myawaddy Border Bridge April 6, 2024 Increasing Arrests of Undocumented Migrants in Thailand April 8, 2024 PDF Drones Target Southeastern Regional Military Command During visit of Junta’s Deputy Chief April 9, 2024 War in Myawaddy Drives Residents to Seek Refuge in Mae Sot April 11, 2024 KIA Seizes Over 6 Billion MMK from Captured Junta Base Border Town Lwegel Now Under Kachin Control April 11, 2024 More news from Than Lwin Times April 5, 2024 Junta Troops Carry Out Systematic Arson Attack Nearly 300 Homes destroyed Nearly 300 houses in Yaemyetni village, Tilin Township, Magway Region, were destroyed by arson... April 4, 2024 Resistance Drone Attacks Hit Naypyidaw Military Headquarters and Aye Lar Air Base The National Unity Government (NUG) declared successful coordinated drone strikes by resistance... April 2, 2024 NMSP-AD Declares Its Programme to Create a Democratic Mon State in a Federal Union based on Ethnic Rights The New Mon State Party - Anti-Dictatorship group (NMSP-AD) declared its intention to establish... March 28, 2024 Mass Resignations of Junta’s Administrators in Mon State over enforcement of conscription law Locals report a swift exodus of village, ward, and community administrative officials tasked...  bni-footer-logo.png    • Archive   • Archive 2006-2015   • Index   • Contact Us   • About BNI   • Announcements   • Jobs  © Copyright 2024 Burma News International. All rights reserved.  0
ive officials tasked...  bni-footer-logo.png    • Archive   • Archive 2006-2015   • Index   • Contact Us   • About BNI   • Announcements   • Jobs  © Copyright 2024 Burma News International. All rights reserved.  0
__label__wiki 8000 PRO FOOTBALL - N.F.L. Expansion Draft - Big Names on the List - NYTimes.com     Campaign ID: 277474 | Creative: bar1_button_inyt_usd_4L9UF -- 413757 | Page: www.nytimes.com/archive/article/sports / Targeted Page: www.nytimes.com/archive/article/sports | Position: Bar1     • Subscribe Now     Subscribe   • Log In   • Register Now   • Help   • Home Page   • Today's Paper   • Video   • Most Popular Edition: U.S. / Global New York Times  Sports    • World   • U.S.   • N.Y. / Region   • Business   • Technology   • Science   • Health   • Sports     • Baseball     • N.F.L.     • College Football     • N.B.A.     • College Basketball     • Hockey     • Soccer     • Golf     • Tennis     • International Sports   • Opinion   • Arts   • Style   • Travel   • Jobs   • Real Estate   • Autos PRO FOOTBALL  PRO FOOTBALL; N.F.L. Expansion Draft: Big Names on the List  By BILL PENNINGTON Published: January 23, 2002  The greatest misconception of the National Football League expansion draft that will stock the Houston Texans next month is that existing teams are scrambling to protect the costly talent on their roster. In fact, the draft is like an opulent yard sale where teams make available some of the highest-paid players in the organization, hoping to unload a once-prized commodity on a new buyer.  Each N.F.L. team had to submit a list of five players to the league office yesterday for the Feb. 18 expansion draft list and it is clear many teams viewed it as a rare opportunity to strike millions of dollars from their salary cap for many years to come. Since the Texans will assume the entire salary cap implications of any player they select, the team losing the player can wipe millions in accelerated bonuses and escalating salaries from its books.  So, league officials say, the Giants exposed linebacker Jessie Armstead, left guard Glenn Parker and cornerback Dave Thomas while the Jets announced that they had included cornerbacks Marcus Coleman and Aaron Glenn on their list of five. Glenn's presence on the expansion list, however, was a quirky exception and a calculated risk by the Jets. The team wants to keep Glenn. They are hoping Glenn's hefty salary cap figure for 2002 ($8 million) will be too high for the Texans. According to one person familiar with the situation, the Jets hope to keep Glenn and extend his contract to make it more cap-friendly.  The other Jets left unprotected were safety Chris Hayes, right tackle Ryan Young and defensive tackle Shane Burton. The Giants, who did not announce their list, were deciding over the weekend among a group of players that included safety Sam Garnes, tackle Lomas Brown, the backup quarterback Jason Garrett, and defensive tackles Lance Legree and Frank Ferrara.  Other name players placed on the expansion list available to the Texans: the five-time Pro Bowl tackle Tony Boselli of Jacksonville, Baltimore's Jamie Sharper, Denver's Bill Romanowski, Willie Roaf of New Orleans, Tampa Bay's Randall McDaniel and Buffalo's Rob Johnson.  The entire expansion list will be released by the league on Friday.  In the face of all these big names, Houston's seasoned general manager, Charley Casserly, has been insisting that he wants to build the franchise around young, quality players -- the one commodity every team is trying to keep off its expansion list. Chances are that Casserly is going to have to take a few high-to-medium-priced veterans -- because they can help his team and because the bylaws of the expansion draft virtually require it.  Houston will be required to select 30 to 42 players, or at least 38 percent of the Texans' salary cap (about $28 million) in next month's draft. Yesterday, teams were not allowed to put punters or kickers on the list, nor could they list any player from their 2001 roster who will become an unrestricted free agent. They could not expose a player who went on injured reserve during last summer's training camp and they could place only one player on the list with more than 10 years' experience.  Once a team has a player selected by the Texans, they can take a player off their exposed list, but they are not required to. No team can lose more than two players.  The Texans have been trying to learn from the expansion draft of 1999, when the Cleveland Browns were being formed. The Browns went for the usual mix of promising young players and veterans who were not over the hill. Apparently, Cleveland did not draft much of either. Only three of the 37 players the Browns took are still with the team and they all play on special teams.  Another lesson from the Browns draft: they passed over talent. The Browns could have, but did not select two quarterbacks, Kurt Warner and Jay Fiedler.  For the Jets, Hayes became expendable once the team gave the free safety job to Damien Robinson. According to his agent, Brian Levy, Hayes is delighted he is on the list. Burton is a journeyman tackle on a line that had trouble against the run. Young will be an unrestricted free agent after next season. But Kareem McKenzie, the Jets' third-round draft pick last year, may be ready to step in, especially because the Jets seem committed to re-signing the free agent left tackle Jason Fabini.  The Giants have decided that Parker, who turns 36 next month, is their most expendable offensive lineman. Thomas lost his starting job to the rookie Will Allen during the opening week of the 2001 season.  Photo: Jets have made the starting cornerback Aaron Glenn available to Houston in next month's expansion draft. (Gary I. Rothstein for The New York Times)     Inside NYTimes.com  Health » Too Hot to Handle Too Hot to Handle Arts » The Harmony of Liberty The Harmony of Liberty Opinion »  Should Beach Privatization Be Allowed?  Room for Debate asks whether shorefront homeowners should have to open their land to all comers. Sports » A Woman’s Leadership May Steady Murray A Woman’s Leadership May Steady Murray Opinion » Menagerie: Streaming Eagles Menagerie: Streaming Eagles U.S. » Curlers’ Aim: Sweep to a Win Over the Heat Curlers’ Aim: Sweep to a Win Over the Heat Television » The Cold War Brews Anew in Prime Time Book Review » Command Performance Opinion » Op-Ed: Fooling Mexican Fans World » Reading, Writing and Allegations Opinion »  Op-Ed: Elite, Separate, Unequal  New York City’s top public schools must become more diverse. Business » Vice Has Media Giants Salivating   • © 2016 The New York Times Company   • Site Map   • Privacy   • Your Ad Choices   • Advertise   • Terms of Sale   • Terms of Service   • Work With Us   • RSS   • Help   • Contact Us   • Site Feedback campaign: nyt2014_edu_propensity_cookie_dropper -- 256873, creative: nyt2015_edu_personalized_isEDU_cookie_dropper -- 401071, page: www.nytimes.com/archive/article/sports, targetedPage: www.nytimes.com/archive/article/sports, position: Inv1 0
__label__wiki 80c6 Coronavirus: Holiday for all LKG, UKG, pre-primary schools in Bengaluru due to COVID-19 Epaper Sign in India Karnataka DH Specials Opinion World Business Sports Video Entertainment Indian Politics Bengaluru Health Education Technology Photos DH Brandspot Menu × ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Homeindiakarnatakabengaluru  Coronavirus: Holiday for all LKG, UKG, pre-primary schools in Bengaluru due to COVID-19  Rashmi Belur HNS DHNS Last Updated : 08 March 2020, 19:20 IST ADVERTISEMENT  Follow Us :  Comments ADVERTISEMENT Published 08 March 2020, 18:26 IST Covid-19CoronavirusS Suresh KumarHealth and Family WelfareWuhan Virusschool holiday  Follow us on :  Follow Us  India South North West East & North East Opinion Editorial Speak Out Cartoon Karnataka Bengaluru India Politics Sports Cricket Football Entertainment Movie Reviews Photos Technology World Specials DH on Sunday DH on Saturday Sign up for Newsletters All Newsletters Top News of the Day Political Theatre DH Sportsletter Explainers   • Explained | Why India's Tata Sons is facing pressure to list   • Explained | NEET-UG 2026 re-exam on June 21: What changes, what stays the same for candidates; all you need to know   • Explained | Why NEET is more prone to paper leaks than JEE   • Explained | What is 'Taiwan independence' and is Taiwan already independent? What's Brewing   • FIFA World Cup 2026 | 30-day countdown begins amidst political tension and soaring ticket price   • FIFA World Cup 2026 | 16 years after 'Waka Waka' theme song, Shakira is back with 'Dai Dai'   • Gen Z backlash? Raghav Chadha loses 1 million Instagram followers after joining BJP   • 'Kantara' mimicry case: Karnataka High Court quashes proceedings against Ranveer Singh after apology Latest News   • Case registered over posters targeting Congress national leaders in Wayanad   • With May 23 talks nearing, uncertainty clouds Centre-Ladakh dialogue   • US-Iran conflict, oil prices key market drivers for Dalal Street this week: Analysts   • Maharashtra govt plans comprehensive action for conservation of historic stepwells The Printers Mysore Ltd Prajavani Sudha Mayura Epaper Classifieds Contact About Privacy Policy Terms Disclaimer Grievance Redressal 0
 DH Sportsletter Explainers   • Explained | Why India's Tata Sons is facing pressure to list   • Explained | NEET-UG 2026 re-exam on June 21: What changes, what stays the same for candidates; all you need to know   • Explained | Why NEET is more prone to paper leaks than JEE   • Explained | What is 'Taiwan independence' and is Taiwan already independent? What's Brewing   • FIFA World Cup 2026 | 30-day countdown begins amidst political tension and soaring ticket price   • FIFA World Cup 2026 | 16 years after 'Waka Waka' theme song, Shakira is back with 'Dai Dai'   • Gen Z backlash? Raghav Chadha loses 1 million Instagram followers after joining BJP   • 'Kantara' mimicry case: Karnataka High Court quashes proceedings against Ranveer Singh after apology Latest News   • Case registered over posters targeting Congress national leaders in Wayanad   • With May 23 talks nearing, uncertainty clouds Centre-Ladakh dialogue   • US-Iran conflict, oil prices key market drivers for Dalal Street this week: Analysts   • Maharashtra govt plans comprehensive action for conservation of historic stepwells The Printers Mysore Ltd Prajavani Sudha Mayura Epaper Classifieds Contact About Privacy Policy Terms Disclaimer Grievance Redressal 0
__label__wiki 8000 Lee Sang-yoon too young to play neurosurgeon   • HOME   • MAIL   • NEWS   • FINANCE   • SPORT   • ENTERTAINMENT   • LIFE   • SEARCH   • SHOPPING   • MORE...  Yahoo News  Yahoo News Sign in Mail Sign in to view your emails   • News   • Singapore     • Parliament     • Commentary   • World   • Shopping   • Sports     • EPL     • Football     • World Cup   • Esports     • Dota 2     • League of Legends     • Wild Rift     • VALORANT     • Genshin Impact     • Video Games   • Videos   • Weather     Cinema OnlineCinema Online      Lee Sang-yoon too young to play neurosurgeon      Syahida Kamarudin     23 September 2011, 3:00 am     Lee Sang-yoon too young to play neurosurgeon      23 Sep – After already signing the contract to be in KBS 2TV's new drama, "Brain", the lead actors including Lee Sang-yoon are surprised to learn that the production is cancelling their contracts.      According to HanCinema website, a representative of the drama production told the media that Lee Sang-yoon, Yoon Seung-ah, Lee Hyunn-jin-I, Yoo Ri-el and other main characters have already been notified that they will not appear in the drama.      The production stated that the reason was that the actors' true age is not compatible with the characters' age. Initially, Lee Sang-yoon was to play the role of a neurosurgeon and Yoon Seung-ah was set to play a neurology student.      The actors have already done their script reading session on 17 September, and even had a friendly gathering for everyone to get to know each other.      The management of the actors involved said, "The production just dropped a bomb and told them to step off the project. We are just shocked. It's absurd to pull out when the contract is already been signed."      Rumour has it that 34 year-old Song Seung-hoon will take over the role that was earlier given to Lee Sang-yoon.      "Brain" is a drama that revolves around the life of neurosurgeons. It will be aired in the middle of November in Korea.      TRENDING      • Coconuts Singapore        ‘Mum, I don’t want to survive another day’: Adorable Singapore boy tries his best on first day of Ramadan fasting        Coconuts Singapore·2-min read     • Coconuts Singapore        33-year-old woman found dead on train tracks in Punggol        Coconuts Singapore·1-min read     • Coconuts Singapore        Politician Leong Mun Wai apologizes after heated words during tense debate in parliament (Video)        Coconuts Singapore·4-min read     • AFP News        'Sea change': disruptive Saudi prince shows new pragmatism with Iran        AFP News·4-min read     • AFP News        NATO rejects Russian complaints on UK uranium ammo         AFP News·1-min read      Latest stories      • Coconuts Singapore        ‘Mum, I don’t want to survive another day’: Adorable Singapore boy tries his best on first day of Ramadan fasting        The boy emerged with a pitiful face while dragging his feet after surviving a day at school without eating.      • Coconuts Singapore        33-year-old woman found dead on train tracks in Punggol        Investigations are ongoing.      • The Telegraph        TikTok chief admits Chinese parent company has access to data        TikTok’s chief executive has admitted that users' data can be accessed by its Chinese parent company as it battles a potential ban in the United States.      • Coconuts KL        Elderly Malaysian man violently struck by govt enforcement officers after he tries to protect his dogs (Video)        A video showing a purported assault by officers from Petaling Jaya City Council (MBPJ) on an elderly man and his pet dogs has gained widespread attention online. The incident, which occurred a few nights ago on Jalan 18/17 Taman Kanagapuram, was initially shared on Facebook and has since been circulated on WhatsApp. According to the…      • In The Know by Yahoo        This woman was babysat by a pre-fame Lucy Liu, and TikTok can’t believe it: ‘Oh my god how hasn’t this gone viral??’        "why does Lucy Liu look exactly the same" The post This woman was babysat by a pre-fame Lucy Liu, and TikTok can’t believe it: ‘Oh my god how hasn’t this gone viral??’ appeared first on In The Know.      • Associated Press        China threatens consequences over US warship's actions        China threatened “serious consequences” Friday after the United States Navy sailed a destroyer around the disputed Paracel Islands in the South China Sea for the second day in a row, in a move Beijing claimed was a violation of its sovereignty and security. The warning comes amid growing tensions between China and the United States in the region, as Washington pushes back at Beijing's growingly assertive posture in the South China Sea, a strategic waterway it claims virtually in its entirety. On Thursday, after the U.S. sailed the USS Milius guided-missile destroyer near the Paracel Islands, China said its navy and air force had forced the American vessel away, a claim the U.S. military denied.      • Coconuts Singapore        Politician Leong Mun Wai apologizes after heated words during tense debate in parliament (Video)        “I’m sure you’re from a very good school.”      • Yahoo Life UK        Kate Beckinsale leads the stars in nearly naked dress on Fashion Awards red carpet        The 49-year-old actor joined several celebrities from Olivia Wilde to Demi Moore on the red carpet in Los Angeles.      • HuffPost Life        Gastro Doctors Share The 1 Food They Never (Or Rarely) Eat        The experts on gas, bloating, colon cancer and other digestive issues share what they avoid themselves.      • Yahoo Lifestyle Singapore        Monkey seen washing hand in outdoor basin of Hougang estate, turns tap off after        A monkey snuck into a Hougang estate last Sunday afternoon. It washed its hands in an outdoor basin and stole a vegetable to eat.      • HuffPost        Ukraine Mercilessly Mocks Steven Seagal Over Russia Military Report        Ukraine's Ministry of Defense trolled the Michigan-born Russian citizen on Twitter.      • Yahoo Life UK        Watching porn can have a major impact on your relationship, new study finds        However you feel about the idea of you or your partner watching porn, a new study says be aware of how it could impact your relationship.      • Cinema Online        Yoyo Chen sparked divorce rumour again        The TVB actress sets tongues wagging with a simple Like to a question      • HuffPost        Pat Sajak Gets Physical With Contestant In Wild ‘Wheel Of Fortune’ Moment        The game show host's "perfect" execution of the wrestling maneuver stunned viewers.      • Cinema Online        Hawick Lau's girlfriend rumoured to be pregnant        The actor's father says he heard of the rumour and looking forward to good news      • The Guardian        ‘It’s half of what was shot at us’: Kharkiv’s Russian missile cemetery        Rows of munition debris lie at heart of Ukrainian efforts to build criminal cases against Russian commanders      • The Telegraph        Philippines reveals key new US bases at flashpoint near China and Taiwan        Four new military bases to be used by United States forces in the Philippines will include areas in the north and west of the country, facing the flashpoints of Taiwan and the South China Sea, Philippine President Ferdinand Marcos has revealed.      • In The Know by Yahoo        TikToker tries on mom’s 1994 senior prom dress and it still slays        The '90s are back and here to stay.      • The Independent        Off-duty pilot flying as passenger takes over plane after captain becomes incapacitated mid flight        Flight returns to Las Vegas two hours after taking off due to onboard medical emergency      • TEAMtalk        Man Utd on verge of signing after breezing past Chelsea with ‘breakthrough’ in negotiations        Man Utd are close to signing a highly rated player at Chelsea's expense after taking a big leap in discussions      Yahoo news     • Home     • Singapore     • World     • Shopping     • Sports     • Esports     • Videos     • Weather     • Terms and Privacy Policy     • Privacy dashboard     • Help     • Share your feedback     • About our ads     Follow us on     • twitter     • facebook     • instagram     © 2023 Yahoo. All rights reserved.     0
__label__wiki 749b theparliament.com - Taiwan UN bid wins backing of MEPs theparliament.com   [Advanced Search] Login | Contact | Terms | Accessibility Register for our FREE email news bulletins www.theparliament.com Home News Policy Briefing The Forum Magazine Interviews Forum Interviews Regional Review People Training Taiwan UN bid wins backing of MEPs  MEPs have called for Taiwan to be allowed to fully participate in international organisations, such as the UN.  The call comes ahead of today’s opening of the UN general assembly in New York where some of Taiwan’s diplomatic allies plan to table the island’s application for membership in the UN under its own name.  Some have dismissed the exercise as a political ploy and the UN secretariat has already indicated that the application, the 13th time Taiwan has tried to join the body, will be rejected.  But several MEPs have come out in support for Taiwan’s growing desire for international representation.  ALDE group leader Graham Watson said, “The time is right to involve Taiwan in the international community.  “The EU should stand up to recognise Taiwanese weight in the world and welcome negotiations leading to Taiwanese membership of the UN.”  His comments are echoed by Dutch Liberal Democrat MEP Jules Maaten, who said, “Taiwan is recreating itself as a model of world democracy and it certainly should get the thumbs-up from the EU.”  Michael Kau, of the Taipei  Representative Office in the EU and Belgium, welcomed their intervention, saying it was a “demonstration” of growing support for Taiwan’s case.  "The world community should take our issue seriously because any conflict in the Taiwan Strait is bound to affect peace and stability all over the world," he said.  The MEP comments come after hundreds of thousands of people took to the streets of the Taiwanese capital, Taipei, on Sunday in support of UN membership.  The demonstrations were heavily criticised by China, which has a standing threat to take military action against Taiwan if the island were to declare formal independence.  Published: Tue, 18 Sep 2007 09:58:38 GMT+02 Author: Martin Banks  "The world community should take our issue seriously because any conflict in the Taiwan Strait is bound to affect peace and stability all over the world" Michael Kau, Taipei Representation Office  » FORUM LINKS INES  » RELATED LINKS European institutions > European Parliament Foreign and security policy > Issues > UN Foreign and security policy > Regions > China  ©2007 theparliament.com  About theparliament.com | About the Forum | Contact | Help | Register | Terms | Accessibility 0
__label__wiki ‌ ‌ Skip to main content Business Live   • South West   • North West   • North East   • Wales WORLD CUP KICK-OFF: Days00 Hours00 Mins00 Secs00 Send me daily emails Advertise With Us Marketing Solutions Finance Jobs Legal Jobs Business Support Jobs Contact Us   • Birmingham Post Icon   • Ports & Logistics   • European Union  New smaller but faster Irish Ferries ship on Wales to Ireland route  The company has announced that Blue Star 1 will replace Isle of Inishmore on Rosslare to Pembroke Dock route  Comments Ports & Logistics Owen Hughes Daily Post chief reporter 11:31, 26 Mar 2021Updated 08:57, 27 Mar 2021  Irish Ferries' Isle of Inishmore ferry(Image: Irish Ferries)  Irish Ferries is to replace the Isle of Inishmore on the Rosslare to Pembroke Dock route with a smaller but faster ferry.  ‌  The company has announced the addition of the RoRo(roll-on/roll-off) passenger ferry Blue Star 1 to the route - which has been impacted by a post Brexit fall in trade as more goods move to direct EU mainland-Ireland services.  ‌  Irish Ferries says this new arrival "underlines our commitment" to the route.  ‌  The Blue Star 1 has the capacity to carry up to 1,500 passengers, 100 freight vehicles and up to 700 cars depending on freight volume.  Irish Ferries announced the addition of the RoRo passenger ferry Blue Star 1 to its Rosslare to Pembroke Dock route(Image: Irish Ferries)  This makes it smaller than the ferry it is replacing, the Isle of Inishmore, which carries 2,200 passengers, 856 cars (or 122 lorries).  ‌  But Irish Ferries says at 27 knots it will be the fastest RoRo operating between the UK and Ireland and it also has additional cabin numbers to allow more single occupancy cabins for freight drivers.  READ MORE: Tourism sector starts to reopen in Wales - and potential date for visitors from EnglandREAD MORE: Zip World's SkyFlyer plan on Rhyl's former Sun Centre site  The ship is being chartered from the Attica Group and delivery is expected in early April.  The firm also today announced a new service between Dover and Calais.  ‌  Andrew Sheen, Irish Ferries managing director, said: “We are very pleased to add a quality ship of the calibre of the versatile Blue Star 1 to the Irish Ferries fleet. This ship will be the fastest RoRo passenger ship operating between Britain and Ireland and this will help ensure schedule integrity.  Get your BusinessLive news direct and all in one place  Stay in touch: BusinessLive newsletters have been re-designed to make them even better. We send morning bulletins straight to your inbox on the latest news, views and opinion. Get our breaking news alerts and weekly sector reviews too. Sign up now - it's free and it only takes a minute.  "The introduction of this ship underlines our commitment to the Rosslare to Pembroke route, the primary shipping corridor between Ireland and South Wales.  Article continues below  "It also underlines our commitment to the significant contribution that this route makes in facilitating trade for both exporters and importers as well as facilitating essential passenger movements and future tourists as the country re-opens post Covid-19”.  Birmingham Post Icon  ENJOYED THIS STORY?  Choose Business Live as a 'Preferred Source' on Google News for quick access to the news you value.  Google Preferred Source Badge ‌ ‌ ‌   • European Union   • Opinion   • Enterprise   • Retail & Consumer   • Economic Development   • Commercial Property   • Tech   • Professional Services Follow Business Live on socials: Ipso logotrust project logo   • Contact Us   • Marketplace   • About Us   • mynewsassistant   • Beauty Box Subscription   • Yimbly Shop   • Work for us   • Advertise with Us   • Competition Rules   • How to Complain   • Corrections and Clarifications   • Terms and Conditions   • Privacy Notice   • AI Notice   • Cookie Notice   • Newsletter Signup   • Syndication & Licensing   • RSS feeds   • Do not sell or share my data © 2026 a Reach plc subsidiary ‌ reach logo  At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Terms and Conditions.  Follow Business Live:   • Facebook   • Linkedin Comments ‌
__label__wiki 20e0 Turnock and Reyes to represent Gibraltar at Small States championships Gibraltar Chronicle Logo  Sun 17th May, 2026  Subscribe To The Gibraltar Chronicle Gibraltar Chronicle Logo Login To Your Account Close Login  Login to your account  Forgotten Password?  Click here for help  Not a member yet?  You can register a free account and get 10 FREE premium articles a month.  Close Login  Forgotten Password?  Reset your password  To reset your password, please enter your email address in the box below and we will send you an email with a few steps to reset your password and get you back onto your account.  Back To Login   • Home   • Local News   • Brexit   • UK/Spain News   • Features   • Sports   • Opinion & Analysis   • Subscribe   • E-Edition Sports  Turnock and Reyes to represent Gibraltar at Small States championships  By Stephen Ignacio Share Share this article on Facebook Share this article on Twitter 4th June 2021  Maurice Turnock and Norcady Reyes travelled to San Marino this week where they will be representing Gibraltar in the European Athletics Championships for Small States. The event is among one of the many international events which was forced to reschedule last year due to the global pandemic. The competition sponsored by AASSE (The European athletics...  Continue Reading  Register free to get 10 premium articles/month.  Register Now  Subscribe to get unlimited access  Subscribe Now  Already a subscriber? Login here  Most Read  232f Local News  Gap-toothed Neanderthal child brought to life in new museum gallery  Fri 15th May, 2026  Local News  Specialist soldiers offer force protection to US sub   Tue 12th May, 2026  Local News  Catalan Bay Road closures planned in ‘final push’ before bathing season, as Transport Lane reopening nears  Wed 13th May, 2026  Local News  US Navy submarine docks in Gibraltar  Mon 11th May, 2026  Local News  Court sets date for ‘rolled-up’ hearing in CM’s claim for judicial review of Openshaw findings   Thu 14th May, 2026  Download The App On The iOS Store E-Edition  Today's Paper  4th June 2021  Read our latest newspaper by downloading our app from the link below.  Download The App On The iOS Store  Related Articles  Sports Rush finishes with silver in Southeastern Conference Outdoor Championships heptathlon with seven Gibraltar national records  16th May 2026  Sports St Joseph sign former Europa winning goalkeeper Javi Munoz as coach  16th May 2026  Sports Sports on our streets  16th May 2026  Sports Galia to officiate Republic or Ireland and Grenada international  15th May 2026  Contact Us  Find Us On Twitter  Gibraltar Chronicle (Newspaper) Ltd, Watergate House, Line Wall Road, Gibraltar GX11 1AA. Tel: +350 200 47063  About Us  The Gibraltar Chronicle is a daily newspaper published in Gibraltar since 1801. It is one of the world's oldest English language newspapers to have been in print continuously. Our print edition and e-paper is published daily except Sundays.   The Gibraltar Chronicle (Newspaper) Ltd is licensed by the Gibraltar Government's Office of Fair Trading, licence number BL 152009.  Subscriptions    • Register     • 1ee6   • Privacy Policy © Copyright Gibraltar Chronicle 2026 Privacy & Cookies Policy  Privacy Overview  This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Privacy Overview  This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.  Necessary Always Enabled  Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.  Non-necessary  Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.  0
__label__wiki 8000 NATO Must Prepare to Defend Its Weakest Point—the Suwalki Corridor – Foreign Policy Skip to main content Foreign Policy Magazine Foreign Policy Magazine   • Sign In   • Subscribe Subscribe Upgrade to Insider Upgrade to Insider   • Latest   • News   • Analysis   • Podcasts   • The Magazine   • Channels     • Economics     • Security     • Shadow Government     • Her Power     ❌  Close   • Newsletters   • Events   • FP Analytics  Your FP Insider Access:    • Power Maps   • Special Reports   • Graphics Database Search Icon  latest  What in the World?  This week in FP’s international news quiz: Russia-Ukraine talks, elections in Hungary, and a summit in Israel.  Quiz | Nina Goldman  Putin’s War Is an Existential Crisis for the United Nations  It needs to be replaced by an organization where one nation cannot escape accountability because it is in a special class.  Argument | Yevgeny Vindman  Inequality Doesn’t Breed Populism. Social Immobility Does.  The left keeps losing because it has failed to promote equal opportunity rather than equal outcomes.  Response | Eric Protzer, Paul Summerville  Afghanistan’s Hungry Will Pay the Price for Putin’s War  The knock-on effects of Russia’s war on Ukraine are hammering wheat-dependent countries such as Afghanistan.  Analysis | Lynne O’Donnell See All Stories   • FP Events   • FP Studios   • FP Analytics   • FP PeaceGames   • Subscription Services   • Group Subscriptions   • Reprint Permissions   • Writer’s Guidelines   • FP Guides – Graduate Education   • FP For Education   • FP Archive   • Buy Back Issues   • Work At FP   • Meet the Staff   • Advertising/Partnerships   • Sign In   • Subscribe Subscribe Upgrade to Insider Upgrade Search Icon  Argument: NATO Must Prepare to Defend Its Weakest Point—the Suwalki Corridor NATO Must Prepare to Defend Its Weakest Po... | View Comments ()  SHARE: Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on WhatsApp Print this page Share via Email View Comments ()  Argument An expert's point of view on a current event.  NATO Must Prepare to Defend Its Weakest Point—the Suwalki Corridor  On the Polish-Lithuanian border, the West must respond to Russia’s actual capabilities rather than making assumptions about its intent.  By John R. Deni, a research professor at the U.S. Army War College’s Strategic Studies Institute and a nonresident senior fellow at the Atlantic Council. A Polish border post is pictured in in Zerdziny, Poland, on July 3, 2016, on the NATO nation's frontier with alliance partner Lithuania and Russia's Kaliningrad region. A Polish border post is pictured in in Zerdziny, Poland, on July 3, 2016, on the NATO nation's frontier with alliance partner Lithuania and Russia's Kaliningrad region. A Polish border post is pictured in in Zerdziny, Poland, on July 3, 2016, on the NATO nation's frontier with alliance partner Lithuania and Russia's Kaliningrad region. JANEK SKARZYNSKI/AFP via Getty Images March 3, 2022, 3:45 PM  Russia Invades Ukraine  A major land war looms over Europe.  More on this topic  As the Biden administration monitors Moscow’s reaction to dramatic U.S. and allied increases in assistance to Ukraine as well as the punishing Western economic and financial sanctions on Russia, it should turn its focus to a relatively small corner of northeastern Europe that is familiar to military strategists but often overlooked by most policymakers and the general public.  The Suwalki corridor (also known as the Suwalki Gap) separates the Russian exclave of Kaliningrad on the Baltic Sea from Belarus, now host to thousands of Russian troops and soon home to permanently stationed Russian forces, including advanced fighter jets and nuclear weapons. It is also the only way to get by road or rail from Poland and Central Europe to the Baltic states—arguably NATO’s most exposed members.  A Russian move to seize control of the corridor may seem far-fetched, as it would explicitly involve an attack on NATO territory, triggering a U.S. military response. Nonetheless, if Moscow’s reinvasion of Ukraine has any central lesson to offer at this point, it’s that U.S. and allied officials must prepare now for worst-case scenarios by focusing on actual Russian military capabilities in the region, rather than the Kremlin’s announced intent, considered estimates of Russia’s strategic logic, or intelligence assessments of Russian President Vladimir Putin’s outlook.  As the Biden administration monitors Moscow’s reaction to dramatic U.S. and allied increases in assistance to Ukraine as well as the punishing Western economic and financial sanctions on Russia, it should turn its focus to a relatively small corner of northeastern Europe that is familiar to military strategists but often overlooked by most policymakers and the general public.  The Suwalki corridor (also known as the Suwalki Gap) separates the Russian exclave of Kaliningrad on the Baltic Sea from Belarus, now host to thousands of Russian troops and soon home to permanently stationed Russian forces, including advanced fighter jets and nuclear weapons. It is also the only way to get by road or rail from Poland and Central Europe to the Baltic states—arguably NATO’s most exposed members.  A Russian move to seize control of the corridor may seem far-fetched, as it would explicitly involve an attack on NATO territory, triggering a U.S. military response. Nonetheless, if Moscow’s reinvasion of Ukraine has any central lesson to offer at this point, it’s that U.S. and allied officials must prepare now for worst-case scenarios by focusing on actual Russian military capabilities in the region, rather than the Kremlin’s announced intent, considered estimates of Russia’s strategic logic, or intelligence assessments of Russian President Vladimir Putin’s outlook.  Forty miles wide as the crow flies, the Suwalki corridor isn’t much of a corridor, at least in terms of natural boundaries such as rivers, coastlines, or mountains. Driving through the area last October while on a research trip to NATO units, I found it a wide-open rural region, predominantly characterized by rolling farmland interspersed with forests and small villages. Much of it is ideal terrain for tracked vehicles like tanks, given the very limited roadways and the gentle hills.  Two highways—one with two lanes each way, the other with just a single lane each way—plus a rail line, are all the ground-based transportation infrastructure that connect Poland with the Baltic states. Since Russia’s first invasion of Ukraine, in 2014, Western government officials, military leaders, and think tank experts have paid extra attention to this relatively narrow passageway between allies, primarily because of the chokepoint it represents should Russia seek to cut off the Baltics.  These concerns have only amplified in the last week, as Western officials weigh whether assistance to Ukraine might paint the West as co-combatants in the eyes of international law, providing Putin with a justification for lashing out. It’s also possible Moscow might respond militarily to the debilitating sanctions imposed by the West in the last week, in an echo of imperial Japan’s 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor following the imposition of a U.S. oil export embargo. Or as U.S. and other allied forces stream into the Baltic Sea and NATO’s eastern flank, the Kremlin may perceive an increased threat to Kaliningrad and seize the Suwalki corridor to create a land bridge to the exclave.  Kaliningrad—formerly Königsberg—has been Russian territory since the end of World War II, and it’s now home to substantial Russian combat forces, including the Russian Baltic Fleet, advanced air defenses, and mobile nuclear-capable Iskander-M missiles. Given this, Russia is particularly sensitive to any perceived threats to its control of the noncontiguous territory and might risk escalation if it misinterpreted NATO’s actions near Kaliningrad.  Obviously, seizing the Suwalki corridor would entail attacking Lithuania or Poland or both, leading directly to a war between NATO and Russia. This seems illogical or at best strategically unwise for Putin. However, the West’s ability to know and understand Putin’s logic and the rationale behind his decision-making has been obviously constrained by a lack of imagination, quality intelligence, or both.  For instance, some thought it was illogical for Putin to order the full-scale invasion of Ukraine if his objective was simply to keep it out of NATO. The simmering Donbass conflict had effectively achieved this since 2014, since one of the informal requirements for alliance membership is a lack of territorial disputes with neighbors.  Read More  Gen. Philip Breedlove, the outgoing commander of U.S. and NATO forces in Europe Gen. Philip Breedlove, the outgoing commander of U.S. and NATO forces in Europe  Former NATO Commander: ‘Is the West Going to Tolerate Russia Doing This to Ukraine?’  Retired Gen. Philip Breedlove on NATO’s response, calls for a no-fly zone, and Putin’s state of mind.  Q&A | Amy Mackinnon A man looks at paperwork on a desk presented by a poll worker. A man looks at paperwork on a desk presented by a poll worker.  Belarus Vote to Amend Constitution Worries NATO  The changes, certain to pass, will let Russia house nuclear weapons on Belarusian soil.  Report | Amanda Coakley  Additionally, no authorities in Washington or Brussels were seriously pushing for Ukrainian membership in the alliance, and Russia’s diplomats and its intelligence services surely knew this. Moreover, Putin’s recent rhetoric of grievance against the West is nothing new—these are themes he has espoused for years. So, why invade now? The answer isn’t clear, aside from the conclusion that this war is about something more than just keeping Ukraine out of NATO.  For this reason, trying to discern Putin’s intent going forward is a fool’s errand. The West cannot assume it understands how Putin might react to the cratering of the Russian economy, whether his recent rants on pushing NATO out of Central and Eastern Europe amount to policy directives, or how he might exploit his new, practically colonial relationship with Belarus, which is now hosting tens of thousands of Russian troops.  By the same token, the West therefore cannot assume that Russia won’t make a move against the Suwalki corridor just because it appears illogical. In fact, during last year’s Zapad military exercise, Russian and Belarusian troops reportedly practiced closing the Suwalki corridor by attacking from Belarus in the direction of Kaliningrad.  Instead of trying to discern Putin’s intent or rationale, the United States and its allies must focus on the capabilities the Kremlin has amassed in and around Ukraine and Belarus. On the eve of the latest invasion, Russia had deployed 30,000 troops into Belarus, including elite Spetsnaz units, as well as an array of equipment like Su-25 ground attack aircraft, attack and assault helicopters, an S-400 air defense unit, and drones—most of these forces have moved into Ukraine in the last week or continue to support operations there from Belarus.  Elsewhere, from Ukraine’s northeast, east, and south, another roughly 120,000 Russian troops are entering Ukraine along with an array of armored vehicles, rockets, artillery, and more. In sum, these capabilities represent the most significant aggregation of conventional combat power in Eastern Europe since the end of the Cold War.  Given all this, the West needs to dramatically strengthen its posture and infrastructure in and around the Suwalki region. The first step should be NATO’s assertion that it will no longer be subject to the terms of the 1997 NATO-Russia Founding Act as a result of Russia’s unilateral abrogation.  NATO must take into account Russia’s force levels and destabilizing military capabilities present in Kaliningrad and Belarus and come closer to matching them.  This political agreement committed NATO to carry out its collective defense and other missions by “ensuring the necessary interoperability, integration, and capability for reinforcement rather than by additional permanent stationing of substantial combat forces” on the territories of the former Warsaw Pact states. And it obliged Russia to “exercise similar restraint in its conventional force deployments in Europe.” Moreover, both sides agreed that these principles were based on the “current and foreseeable security environment” of 25 years ago. Clearly, Moscow has exercised no restraint, and the security environment has changed dramatically.  In terms of posture, British and Canadian ground forces should return permanently to the continent at brigade scale of roughly 4,000 troops each, building on their relatively small contingents in Estonia and Latvia, respectively. Meanwhile, German ground forces should also expand to brigade size in Lithuania.  In addition to recent temporary increases in U.S. rotational presence, Washington should shift toward permanent presence of armor, combat aviation, electronic warfare, drone, engineer, and air defense units. Additionally, Italy, Spain, and France—given their military size and importance in the alliance—must commit interoperable, battalion-size units of around 800 troops each to permanent basing in Poland or Lithuania as well.  When it comes to infrastructure, the weight of modern tanks—including the American-built M1A2 that Poland recently announced it will purchase—is likely to overwhelm many of the roads and bridges of northeastern Poland and Lithuania, which need to be replaced or reinforced. Additionally, the limited highway and rail capacity in the region cries out for substantial, immediate investment.  Most of the major roadways through the Baltics are one lane each way, sometimes bordered by dense forests, coastline, or swampy lowlands—in the event of a Russian attack in the Suwalki region, it could be difficult to move military forces in while trying to let refugees out. These and other infrastructure and mobility challenges in northeastern Europe are well known, but unfortunately, they have not received the timely attention or the funding they require.  Quickly improving militarily-relevant infrastructure in the Suwalki region, substantially and permanently bolstering allied force posture in northeastern Europe, and clearly laying the blame for the complete upending of European security at Putin’s feet are necessary steps.  In the wake of Putin’s invasion of Ukraine, NATO’s response must center on capabilities-based planning rather than assumptions about Putin’s true intent or his logic. The alliance must take into account Russia’s force levels and destabilizing military capabilities present in Kaliningrad and Belarus and come closer to matching them at least qualitatively in order to deter Moscow.  Relying on Western guesses about how the Kremlin will respond logically is too great a risk, especially if the alliance hopes to keep the Suwalki corridor open.  John R. Deni is a research professor at the U.S. Army War College’s Strategic Studies Institute and a nonresident senior fellow at the Atlantic Council. He is the author of NATO and Article 5: The Transatlantic Alliance and the Twenty-First-Century Challenges of Collective Defense. The views expressed are his own. Twitter: @JohnRDeni  Join the Conversation  Commenting on this and other recent articles is just one benefit of a Foreign Policy subscription.  Already a subscriber? Log In.  Subscribe Subscribe  View Comments  Join the Conversation  Join the conversation on this and other recent Foreign Policy articles when you subscribe now.  Subscribe Subscribe  Not your account? Log out  View Comments  Join the Conversation  Please follow our comment guidelines, stay on topic, and be civil, courteous, and respectful of others’ beliefs. Comments are closed automatically seven days after articles are published.  You are commenting as . Change your username | Log out  Change your username:  CANCEL Loading...  Confirm your username to get started.  The default username below has been generated using the first name and last initial on your FP subscriber account. Usernames may be updated at any time and must not contain inappropriate or offensive language.  Loading...  Tags: Belarus, Lithuania, NATO, Poland, Russia, War  NEW FOR SUBSCRIBERS: Want to read more on this topic or region? Click + to receive email alerts when new stories are published on Russia  Read More  Gen. Philip Breedlove, the outgoing commander of U.S. and NATO forces in Europe Gen. Philip Breedlove, the outgoing commander of U.S. and NATO forces in Europe  Former NATO Commander: ‘Is the West Going to Tolerate Russia Doing This to Ukraine?’  Retired Gen. Philip Breedlove on NATO’s response, calls for a no-fly zone, and Putin’s state of mind.  Q&A | Amy Mackinnon A man looks at paperwork on a desk presented by a poll worker. A man looks at paperwork on a desk presented by a poll worker.  Belarus Vote to Amend Constitution Worries NATO  The changes, certain to pass, will let Russia house nuclear weapons on Belarusian soil.  Report | Amanda Coakley Latest  What in the World? April 1, 2022, 4:30 PM  Putin’s War Is an Existential Crisis for the United Nations April 1, 2022, 2:56 PM  Inequality Doesn’t Breed Populism. Social Immobility Does. April 1, 2022, 1:50 PM  Afghanistan’s Hungry Will Pay the Price for Putin’s War April 1, 2022, 1:15 PM  In France’s Election, ‘There’s No Single Coherent Challenger on the Right’ April 1, 2022, 12:22 PM See All Stories  Trending    1. 1     Russians Likely to Encounter Growing Guerrilla Warfare in Ukraine   2. 2     NATO Intervention in Ukraine Won’t Spark World War III   3. 3     Putin’s War Is an Existential Crisis for the United Nations   4. 4     The West Is With Ukraine. The Rest, Not So Much.   5. 5     For India, Putin’s War Starts to Look Like a Gift Latest Analysis  Putin’s War Is an Existential Crisis for the United Nations Yevgeny Vindman  How to Avoid the Dark Ages of Arms Control Heather Williams  NATO Intervention in Ukraine Won’t Spark World War III Limor Simhony  More from Foreign Policy  Illustration United States Ukraine Illustration United States Ukraine  U.S. Grand Strategy After Ukraine  Seven thinkers weigh in on how the war will shift U.S. foreign policy.  Russian President Vladimir Putin and Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu tour a military gear exhibition before the annual meeting of the Defence Ministry board in Moscow on Dec. 21, 2021. Russian President Vladimir Putin and Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu tour a military gear exhibition before the annual meeting of the Defence Ministry board in Moscow on Dec. 21, 2021.  ‘Winging It’: Russia Is Getting Its Generals Killed on the Front Lines  Russian generals have had to lead from the front because its amateur army can’t move otherwise.  Ukrainian troops patrol in eastern Ukraine. Ukrainian troops patrol in eastern Ukraine.  Ukrainian Counterattacks Are Pushing Back Russian Troops  “As we see, their Army is bullshit,” one Ukrainian official said.  French fighter jet takes off French fighter jet takes off  Putin Has Popped the EU Defense Bubble  No, the European Union cannot make the continent secure.  Trending    1. Russians Likely to Encounter Growing Guerrilla Warfare in Ukraine     Analysis |     Alexander J. Motyl    2. NATO Intervention in Ukraine Won’t Spark World War III     Argument |     Limor Simhony    3. Putin’s War Is an Existential Crisis for the United Nations     Argument |     Yevgeny Vindman    4. The West Is With Ukraine. The Rest, Not So Much.     Report |     Colum Lynch    5. For India, Putin’s War Starts to Look Like a Gift     Argument |     C. Raja Mohan Latest  What in the World? April 1, 2022, 4:30 PM  Putin’s War Is an Existential Crisis for the United Nations April 1, 2022, 2:56 PM  Inequality Doesn’t Breed Populism. Social Immobility Does. April 1, 2022, 1:50 PM  Afghanistan’s Hungry Will Pay the Price for Putin’s War April 1, 2022, 1:15 PM  In France’s Election, ‘There’s No Single Coherent Challenger on the Right’ April 1, 2022, 12:22 PM See All Stories Newsletters  Sign up for Morning Brief  Foreign Policy’s flagship daily newsletter with what’s coming up around the world today from Foreign Policy’s newsletter writer Colm Quinn.  Sign Up ✓ Signed Up Unsubscribe  By signing up, I agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and to occasionally receive special offers from Foreign Policy.  You can support Foreign Policy by becoming a subscriber.  Subscribe Today  Loading graphics Foreign Policy Magazine   • FP Events   • FP Studios   • FP Analytics   • FP PeaceGames   • Subscription Services   • Group Subscriptions   • Reprint Permissions   • Writer’s Guidelines   • FP Guides – Graduate Education   • FP For Education   • FP Archive   • Buy Back Issues   • Work At FP   • Meet the Staff   • Advertising/Partnerships   • Contact Us   • Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress VIP © 2022, The Slate Group 0
ting of the Defence Ministry board in Moscow on Dec. 21, 2021. Russian President Vladimir Putin and Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu tour a military gear exhibition before the annual meeting of the Defence Ministry board in Moscow on Dec. 21, 2021.  ‘Winging It’: Russia Is Getting Its Generals Killed on the Front Lines  Russian generals have had to lead from the front because its amateur army can’t move otherwise.  Ukrainian troops patrol in eastern Ukraine. Ukrainian troops patrol in eastern Ukraine.  Ukrainian Counterattacks Are Pushing Back Russian Troops  “As we see, their Army is bullshit,” one Ukrainian official said.  French fighter jet takes off French fighter jet takes off  Putin Has Popped the EU Defense Bubble  No, the European Union cannot make the continent secure.  Trending    1. Russians Likely to Encounter Growing Guerrilla Warfare in Ukraine     Analysis |     Alexander J. Motyl    2. NATO Intervention in Ukraine Won’t Spark World War III     Argument |     Limor Simhony    3. Putin’s War Is an Existential Crisis for the United Nations     Argument |     Yevgeny Vindman    4. The West Is With Ukraine. The Rest, Not So Much.     Report |     Colum Lynch    5. For India, Putin’s War Starts to Look Like a Gift     Argument |     C. Raja Mohan Latest  What in the World? April 1, 2022, 4:30 PM  Putin’s War Is an Existential Crisis for the United Nations April 1, 2022, 2:56 PM  Inequality Doesn’t Breed Populism. Social Immobility Does. April 1, 2022, 1:50 PM  Afghanistan’s Hungry Will Pay the Price for Putin’s War April 1, 2022, 1:15 PM  In France’s Election, ‘There’s No Single Coherent Challenger on the Right’ April 1, 2022, 12:22 PM See All Stories Newsletters  Sign up for Morning Brief  Foreign Policy’s flagship daily newsletter with what’s coming up around the world today from Foreign Policy’s newsletter writer Colm Quinn.  Sign Up ✓ Signed Up Unsubscribe  By signing up, I agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and to occasionally receive special offers from Foreign Policy.  You can support Foreign Policy by becoming a subscriber.  Subscribe Today  Loading graphics Foreign Policy Magazine   • FP Events   • FP Studios   • FP Analytics   • FP PeaceGames   • Subscription Services   • Group Subscriptions   • Reprint Permissions   • Writer’s Guidelines   • FP Guides – Graduate Education   • FP For Education   • FP Archive   • Buy Back Issues   • Work At FP   • Meet the Staff   • Advertising/Partnerships   • Contact Us   • Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress VIP © 2022, The Slate Group 0
__label__wiki Skip to Content Merch is here: Explore the official Windsor Star collection. Shop now >> Merch is here: Explore the official Windsor Star collection. Shop now >> Share this Story : Windsor Star   • Copy Link   • Email   • X   • Reddit   • Pinterest   • LinkedIn   • Tumblr Subscribe $0.50/week Subscribe $0.50/week   • Subscribe     • FAQ     • My Account     • Manage My Subscription     • Manage Print Subscription     • Our Offers   • News     • Local News     • National     • World     • Health     • True Crime     • Weather     • Podcasts     • Archives   • Sports     • Hockey       • PWHL       • NHL       • Windsor Spitfires     • Soccer     • Football       • NFL       • CFL     • Baseball       • Detroit Tigers     • Basketball       • NBA       • Windsor Express     • Golf     • Curling     • Tennis     • Auto Racing     • Fighting   • Local Sports   • Opinion     • Letters   • Business     • Automotive     • Technology       • Gaming       • Personal Tech       • Space     • Energy     • FP Markets     • FP Headlines     • FP Money     • Small Business     • Real Estate   • Arts     • Local Arts     • Celebrity     • Movies     • Television       • TV Listings     • Music     • Books   • Life     • Fashion & Beauty     • Parenting     • Relationships     • Homes       • Decorating       • Gardening     • Food       • Recipes     • Diet & Fitness     • Family & Child     • Men     • Women     • Travel       • Travel Ontario       • Travel Canada       • Travel USA       • Travel International       • Cruises       • Travel Essentials     • Savings     • Advice     • Horoscopes     • Contests       • National Contests   • Lives Told   • Tails Told   • Shopping   • Windsor Star Store   • Puzzmo   • Diversions     • Puzzles       • New York Times Crossword     • Comics   • Healthing   • ePaper   • Driving     • Vehicle Research     • Reviews     • News     • Gear Guide   • Ontario Farmer   • Obituaries     • Browse Notices     • Place an Obituary     • Place an In Memoriam   • Advertising     • Advertising With Us     • Advertising Solutions     • Postmedia Ad Manager     • Sponsorship Requests   • Classifieds     • Place an Ad     • Business Card Directory     • Celebrations     • Pet Posts & Adoptions     • Real Estate Showcase     • Working     • Business Ads     • This Week's Flyers   • Newsletters   • Manage Print Subscription   • Profile   • Settings   • My Subscriptions   • Saved Articles   • My Offers   • Newsletters   • Customer Service   • FAQ   • News   • Sports   • Local Sports   • Opinion   • Business   • Arts   • Life   • Shopping   • Puzzmo   • Healthing   • ePaper   • Driving   • Obituaries   • Classifieds   • Newsletters   • Manage Print Subscription Advertisement 1 This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Breadcrumb Trail Links   1. Home   2. Local News   • Share via email   • Reddit   • X   • Share on Linkedin   • Share this Story : Windsor Star     • Copy Link     • Email     • X     • Reddit     • Pinterest     • LinkedIn     • Tumblr  Cold case continues to baffle Windsor police 25 years after woman's brutal slaying  Author of the article: By Trevor Wilhelm Published Feb 14, 2020 5 minute read Join the conversation  You can save this article by registering for free here. Or sign-in if you have an account.  Police handout of 1995 murder victim Diane Dobson. Police handout of 1995 murder victim Diane Dobson. Photo by Handout /Windsor Star Article content  After 25 years of failed leads and dead ends, a killer goes unpunished.  Windsor Star THIS CONTENT IS RESERVED FOR SUBSCRIBERS ONLY  Subscribe now to read the latest news in your city and across Canada.    • Unlimited online access to articles from across Canada with one account.   • Get exclusive access to the Windsor Star ePaper, an electronic replica of the print edition that you can share, download and comment on.   • Enjoy insights and behind-the-scenes analysis from our award-winning journalists.   • Support local journalists and the next generation of journalists.   • Daily puzzles including the New York Times Crossword. SUBSCRIBE TO UNLOCK MORE ARTICLES  Subscribe now to read the latest news in your city and across Canada.    • Unlimited online access to articles from across Canada with one account.   • Get exclusive access to the Windsor Star ePaper, an electronic replica of the print edition that you can share, download and comment on.   • Enjoy insights and behind-the-scenes analysis from our award-winning journalists.   • Support local journalists and the next generation of journalists.   • Daily puzzles including the New York Times Crossword. REGISTER / SIGN IN TO UNLOCK MORE ARTICLES  Create an account or sign in to continue with your reading experience.    • Access articles from across Canada with one account.   • Share your thoughts and join the conversation in the comments.   • Enjoy additional articles per month.   • Get email updates from your favourite authors. THIS ARTICLE IS FREE TO READ REGISTER TO UNLOCK.  Create an account or sign in to continue with your reading experience.    • Access articles from across Canada with one account   • Share your thoughts and join the conversation in the comments   • Enjoy additional articles per month   • Get email updates from your favourite authors  Sign In or Create an Account  or View more offers If you are a Home delivery print subscriber, online access is included in your subscription. Activate your Online Access Now Article content  It’s something Jacqueline Malott still thinks about “every single day.” On Feb. 15, 1995, she found the body of Diane Dobson dumped in a ditch in Brighton Beach.  Article content Article content  “It changes a person,” Malott said in her first media interview about the case. “For me it’s hard to believe that someone could actually do that to someone else. Then it bothers me that three kids lost their mother. It bothers me that someone did this and there’s been no closure. Somebody is out there that did this.”  Article content Article content  Diane Dobson, 36, a mother of three, disappeared on Valentine’s Day 1995.  Article content Jackie Malott, pictured at the Windsor Star offices in downtown Windsor, Thursday, February 13, 2020, discovered the body of Diane Dobson, who was murdered 25 years ago. The case remains unsolved. Jackie Malott, pictured at the Windsor Star offices in downtown Windsor, Thursday, February 13, 2020, discovered the body of Diane Dobson, who was murdered 25 years ago. The case remains unsolved. Photo by Dax Melmer /jpg Article content  No one with the Windsor Police Service would talk about the case this week. But spokesman Sgt. Stephen Betteridge sent an email stating the police service “continues to investigate all cold cases,” adding their anniversaries can help can help renew interest in these “tragic incidents.”  Article content  “At any given time, a witness or member of the community may recall that one piece of information that could be the key piece of evidence required to move the investigation forward,” he wrote in the email. “Also, as technologies improve and develop, investigators may have opportunities to re-examine previously seized evidence utilizing techniques that did not even exist years back when the involved evidence was seized.”  Article content  In response to a follow-up email asking for specific comments about the Dobson case, he wrote there is “no other information to provide at this time.”  Article content  Windsor police have previously said she died from a savage attack that included multiple blows to the face, possibly from a steel pipe.  Article content  There was no evidence she had been restrained. Police have also previously said there were no defensive wounds, a sign she might not have seen it coming.  Article content Article content  “She was probably just sitting there minding her own business,” Windsor police Det. Brian Menard said in 2000. “She didn’t have a chance. I think what bothers me the most about this case is the degree of violence. It was sickening.”  Article content Read More   1. Diana Leroux is shown with a photo of her daughter Yvonne Leroux at her Windsor, Ont. home on Monday, March 31, 2014. Yvonne was murdered in 1972 at the age of 16. Her killer has never been found. (DAN JANISSE/The Windsor Star)     Reward offered in cold murder case of Windsor native   2. Windsor murder victim Ljubica Topic, who was sexually assaulted and severely beaten in 1971.     Windsor police have 'no defensible reason' to refuse naming Ljubica Topic's killer, expert says   3. Advertisement 1     Story continues below     This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Article content  In the decades since Dobson’s death, police have hit several dead ends.  Article content I thought, how could a person do this to another person and just leave them where they left them? Article content  They searched hotels and motels, turning up nothing. Dobson’s ex-husband was cleared. The man she was living with was out of town when she was killed. One suspect died of a heroin overdose in 1996.  Article content  There were rumours the murder was tied to a bumbled plan to smuggle heroin into Windsor Jail. It was never proven.  Article content  Investigators also never located the primary crime scene. In 1997, police thought they found it at a flophouse on Ojibway Parkway. They spent a week collecting evidence, but the large bloodstain investigators were focussed on ended up being of “non-human origin.”  Article content  Another lead brought police to a bloodstain in the back of a cube van, but DNA testing showed the blood wasn’t Dobson’s.  Article content  Past investigators have said she lived a “vulnerable lifestyle.”  Article content  The third of 10 children, she was born on the Saugeen First Nations reserve near the Bruce Peninsula. Dobson was adopted by a wealthy Toronto family, but ran away from home when she was 13.  Advertisement 1 This advertisement has not loaded yet. Trending    1. UPDATE: Amherstburg owner of 2 dogs faces 3 charges after attack on dog being walked by 11-year-old girl      dog     Local News    2. What's On Windsor: Golden Girls pub crawl, classic cars, fireworks and more      car show     Local News   3. Advertisement 2     Story continues below     This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.    4. Windsor-Essex cycling group falsely linked to vandalism, organizers say      James Braakman, president of the Windsor-Essex Bike Community is shown near a vandalized sign at the Black Oak Heritage Park     Local News    5. UPDATE: Windsor police hunt for home-invasion suspects who carried guns, impersonated officers      Police tape surrounds a home in the 1100 block of Cora Greenwood Drive in Windsor on Thursday, May 14, 2026.     Local News    6. Windsor drug dealer played ‘Russian roulette’ with clients, judge says      Ontario court of justice sign     Local News Advertisement 2 Advertisement This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Article content  It was a tough life. She drove a cab in Windsor for 15 years. Drug and alcohol addiction dogged her. Police said she led a “vulnerable lifestyle.”  Article content  But Dobson was trying to make a better life. A few years before she died, she reconnected with a long-lost sister living in Toronto. She also became more interested in her First Nations heritage and was taking courses at St. Clair College.  Article content Melissa Thomas, Elayne Isaacs and Katie Baltzer (left and right) hold a photo of Windsor victim Diane Dobson in Dieppe Park as part of the 11th annual National Sisters in Spirit Vigil for the murdered indigenous women across Canada in Windsor on Tuesday, October 4, 2016. The annual event seeks to raise awareness of missing and murdered women. Melissa Thomas, Elayne Isaacs and Katie Baltzer (left and right) hold a photo of Windsor victim Diane Dobson in Dieppe Park as part of the 11th annual National Sisters in Spirit Vigil for the murdered indigenous women across Canada in Windsor on Tuesday, October 4, 2016. The annual event seeks to raise awareness of missing and murdered women. Photo by Tyler Brownbridge /Windsor Star Article content  Dobson was last seen around 5:45 p.m. on Feb. 14, 1995, walking down Prince Road after leaving home. She lived near Prince and Myrtle Street.  Article content  The next day, Malott, an instrument technician, backed her work van up to an air monitoring station in Brighton Beach on Windsor’s west side.  Article content  It was about 8:30 a.m. on a chilly morning. Freezing rain picked at her face as she walked to the rear of her van to lift the tailgate and grab some tools.  Article content  “Just out of the corner of my eye, I saw feet and jeans,” said Malott. “I thought, ‘someone is lying alongside the fence.’”  Article content  She put down her tools and went over to see if the person needed help.  Article content  “I realized that the person was dead, just by what I observed,” said Malott.  Article content  “A terribly beaten and bruised female. There was a lot of head trauma.”  Article content Article content  The dead woman was wearing jeans and a black waist-length coat. The jacket was open, exposing a pink bra. The woman wasn’t wearing a shirt, or shoes.  Article content  The air monitoring station, which has since been removed to make way for the new international bridge, was secluded but not hard to get to by car.  Article content  “They took no effort to hide her,” said Malott.  Article content  Shock and disbelief quickly turned to fear.  Article content  “It looked like the body hadn’t been there that long,” said Malott. “I didn’t know if someone was still there in close proximity. It was kind of a remote area. You realize it’s a murder by what you see, then a lot of things go through your head. I became terribly sad. I thought, how could a person do this to another person and just leave them where they left them?”  Article content  She went back to the van to call 911 from her cellphone, a bulky piece of equipment in a bag attached to the cigarette lighter. It roamed over to Detroit, so she had to move the van and try again.  Article content  “I was actually quite scared,” said Malott. “You’re torn between leaving someone lying there and driving away.”  Article content  She told the 911 dispatcher she was pretty sure this was a murder.  Article content Article content  “The first constable that came over was quite upset,” she said. “I could tell he was upset and I was just trying to hold everything together. We just kind of looked again at the body, then he asked me to sit in the police car.”  Article content  Police have since said the killer likely dumped Dobson’s body there, in a muddy ditch off Water Street near Wright Street, after killing her somewhere else. A pathologist estimated Dobson lost at least three litres of blood but there was barely a trace where she was found.  Article content  Malott said police immediately “buttoned down the scene.”  Article content  “I had to call for someone to come and pick me up because my van had contaminated the murder scene just by where I drove,” she said. “They wanted to rule out the tire prints.”  Article content  She went back to work the next day.  Article content  “I wanted to forget it,” said Malott. “I wanted to push it way down and forget it.”  Article content  That wasn’t going to happen.  Article content  “I don’t think I slept for a month,” she said. “Every time I shut my eyes that was all I saw. It’s a really hard image to get out of your head. Even today if I think about it, I can see exactly what I saw then.”  Article content  Anyone with information about Dobson’s killer can call Windsor police at 519-255-6700 ext. 4830 or Crime Stoppers at 519-258-TIPS.  Article content  twilhelm@postmedia.com  Article content  twitter.com/WinStarWilhelm  Article content Share this article in your social network   • Share via email   • Reddit   • X   • Share on Linkedin   • Share this Story : Windsor Star     • Copy Link     • Email     • X     • Reddit     • Pinterest     • LinkedIn     • Tumblr Comments You must be logged in to join the discussion or read more comments. Create an AccountSign in Join the Conversation  Postmedia is committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion. Please keep comments relevant and respectful. Comments may take up to an hour to appear on the site. You will receive an email if there is a reply to your comment, an update to a thread you follow or if a user you follow comments. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information.  Featured Local Savings Subscribe $0.50/week Categories   • News   • Sports   • Local Sports   • Opinion   • Business   • Arts   • Life   • ePaper   • Subscribe Follow Windsor Star   • Visit our Facebook page (Leaving Windsor Star)   • Visit our X page (Leaving Windsor Star)   • Visit our YouTube page (Leaving Windsor Star)   • Visit our Instagram page (Leaving Windsor Star) Secondary Links   • Advertise With Us   • Advertising Solutions   • Postmedia Ad Manager   • Savings   • Digital Ad Registry   • Site Map   • Contact   • Privacy Policy   • Terms of Use   • FAQ   • Copyright & Licensing   • My Account   • Manage My Print Subscription   • Manage My Tax Receipt Postmedia logo  365 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario, M4W 3L4  © 2026 Windsor Star, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited.  Notice for the Postmedia Network  This website uses cookies to personalize your content (including ads), and allows us to analyze our traffic. Read more about cookies here. By continuing to use our site, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.  You've reached the 20 article limit.  You can manage saved articles in your account.  Subscribe $0.50/week  and save up to 100 articles!  Looks like you've reached your saved article limit!  You can manage your saved articles in your account and clicking the X located at the bottom right of the article.
licy   • Terms of Use   • FAQ   • Copyright & Licensing   • My Account   • Manage My Print Subscription   • Manage My Tax Receipt Postmedia logo  365 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario, M4W 3L4  © 2026 Windsor Star, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited.  Notice for the Postmedia Network  This website uses cookies to personalize your content (including ads), and allows us to analyze our traffic. Read more about cookies here. By continuing to use our site, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.  You've reached the 20 article limit.  You can manage saved articles in your account.  Subscribe $0.50/week  and save up to 100 articles!  Looks like you've reached your saved article limit!  You can manage your saved articles in your account and clicking the X located at the bottom right of the article.
__label__wiki One more step  Please complete the security check to access  Why do I have to complete a CAPTCHA?  Completing the CAPTCHA proves you are a human and gives you temporary access to the web property.  What can I do to prevent this in the future?  If you are on a personal connection, like at home, you can run an anti-virus scan on your device to make sure it is not infected with malware. If you are at an office or shared network, you can ask the network administrator to run a scan across the network looking for misconfigured or infected devices.
__label__wiki 8000 Baroness Olly Grender’s maiden speech Liberal Democrat Voice Our place to talk – an independent website for supporters of the Liberal Democrat party in the UK. The most-read website by and for Lib Dem supporters. Not paid for by trade unions or millionaires. Skip to content   • Home   • Member surveys   • Video   • Archive   • Members' forum   • Donate   • Write for us!   • About us   • Cookies   • Mobile   • deficit graph - uk-us      Nick Thornsby: why we should aim for a surplus   • universities_uk logo      ‘Good’ gender segregation and ‘bad’ gender…   • polling day      Stephen Tall: 3 scenarios for 2015 based on current polls   • Clegg family Xmas card 2013      Adorbs! The Clegg Family Christmas Card for 2013 NewsHound  Baroness Olly Grender’s maiden speech  By NewsHound | Fri 13th December 2013 - 2:50 pm Tweet  It is a tradition for LDV to bring its readers copies of our new MPs’ and Peers’ first words in Parliament, so that we can read what is being said and respond. You can find all of the speeches in this category with this link. On 28 November, Baroness Grender made her maiden speech in the House of Lords during a debate on broadcast media and its role in the economy. Her words are reproduced below.  Baroness Grender (LD): My Lords, I would like to thank my noble friend Lady Bonham-Carter of Yarnbury for introducing this debate. I would also like to thank so many noble Lords for their welcome. The warmth of the welcome is matched only by the warmth of the heating in this place. The advice and support from the staff has been magnificent, but no surprise for regular visitors over the years. Their politeness has always extended beyond the Members of this House, and for that I thank them.  I am honoured to be here, among so many I have admired for so long. In my years of advising others in the other place, and more recently at No. 10, it was never lost on me that the dirty laundry of legislation was often sent to this place only to be returned washed, starched and neatly pressed. It is a testament to a place where many take their public office and their legislative duties seriously. I share and echo that sentiment.  I would like to thank my two supporters. For me, they will always be friends first and noble Baronesses second. Their advice is invaluable. My noble friend Lady Parminter’s wisdom and steely determination belies her youthful looks; under her watchful eye the green agenda will always be strongly defended. Of course, my noble friend Lady Thomas of Winchester’s patient explanation of affirmative resolution procedures has been something to behold over the years and is an experience not to be missed by any noble Lord.  I would also like to thank my party, the Liberal Democrats. However often I tried to escape, I returned with one more project or task to complete, most recently as the Deputy Prime Minister’s director of communications, or in the 1990s as my noble friend Lord Ashdown’s. My party has given me a great career with fascinating work, inspirational people to work with, and achievements in government which make me proud.  I am sure, like me, most will have received a great deal of advice about when and how to do a maiden speech, most of it contradicting the previous piece of advice. Normally, Thursday seems like an excellent day – not too many people – but the names that are down to speak today are, to a new Peer, like the A-list of broadcasting, and suddenly a debate on a Thursday feels like something in the full glare of the media spotlight. But our UK broadcast media deserve that spotlight. They are unique in quality, partly because of the careful balance we have between our public service broadcasting and commercial – and also because of the expectation in law of impartiality, put so well recently by Alastair Stewart, referring to just one day’s controversial coverage being produced,  as impartially and objectively as we could, with as much balance as we could muster. That, because we have to, in law; but, also, it was because that is how we, who work at ITV News, want to do it … It is our cause and our calling.  As director of communications for Shelter I always understood the special role that broadcast media can play in holding those who are in power to account on behalf of those most left out of power, like homeless people. More recently, the “Question Time” I was on last week, with only three people on the panel, was described in the Daily Mail as the worst “Question Time” ever. Whether that makes me uniquely qualified is probably something best left. The noble Baroness, Lady Bakewell, who was stuck on a train and answering questions on Twitter, was sorely missed on that panel.  This debate necessarily starts with the record we have in public service broadcasting, of which the cornerstone is the BBC. BBC Worldwide is the largest TV programme distributor outside the major US studios, and its impact on the reputation of the United Kingdom overseas is one which increases our ability to trade worldwide and way beyond broadcasting. My noble friend Lady Bonham-Carter’s timing for this debate is perfect, following the amazing weekend marking the 50th anniversary of “Doctor Who”. Simulcast in 94 countries, setting a Guinness world record, with record-breaking figures in America, it was event TV drama at its best, delivered around the globe. That thrill of seeing all the Doctors saving Gallifrey is something my eight year-old son will remember until the 100th anniversary.  However, 50 years ago, even if all the noble Lords in this place had popped into the TARDIS – because, remember, it is much bigger on the inside – and travelled back in time and explained the revolution that was coming in broadcast, digital and online content, not even the first Time Lord would have believed it. Even the changes since this sector was last regulated 10 years ago have been revolutionary and the need to update that regulation, but with flexibility, must be coming soon. Thanks in part to that revolution, we now have a creative industry sector in the UK economy providing over 130,000 jobs and over £13 billion pounds in revenue from television and radio combined, delivering both jobs and growth.  In particular, broadcast media has had an effect on the growth of SMEs in the creative sector around the UK. In 2012, Channel 4 alone spent over £150 million on production companies outside London. Levels of innovation and investment are growing. With a publisher/broadcaster such as Channel 4 there to create and innovate, the UK’s independent production sector has grown from strength to strength. Where else in the world would there be a channel which has a statutory remit to experiment and innovate so that it comes up with a programme of people watching TV programmes, makes up a name like “Gogglebox” and then sells it to the Chinese?  Commercial radio, television and new media all add to the mix and create the maelstrom of diversity of ownership and strength of competition that guarantees a vibrant part of the UK economy. Unleashing broadband, especially in rural areas, investing in DAB, giving local radio access to the right kind of digital infrastructure and balancing up the competing needs of different broadcasters from different platforms are all urgent challenges in this area. Fifty years from now, when many more celebrate the 100th anniversary of “Doctor Who” with a new Time Lady, rather than Lord, in the TARDIS, I hope that we will be able to celebrate the continued unique balance of UK broadcasting.  * Newshound: bringing you the best Lib Dem commentary published in print or online.  Read more by NewsHound or more about house of lords, maiden or olly grender. This entry was posted in News. Bookmark the web address for this page or use the short url http://ldv.org.uk/37490 for Twitter and emails. « Previous Post  One Comment    • theakes 13th Dec '13 - 3:39pm      All jolly nice, BUT WHAT ABOUT THE AWFUL COUNCIL BY ELECTION SYSTEM THIS WEEK. APPALLING RESULTS WHERE WE STOOD, AND WHAT ABOUT WHERE THERE WAS NO CANDIDATE.     It all exemplifies what a parlous state the party is in nationally, no candidates, nor organisation in many many places, a party going or gone to the wall. WHEN ARE WE GOING TO FACE UP TO THIS REALITY AND DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT?  Post a Comment  Click here to cancel reply.  Lib Dem Voice welcomes comments from everyone but we ask you to be polite, to be on topic and to be who you say you are. You can read our comments policy in full here. Please respect it and all readers of the site.  If you are a member of the party, you can have the Lib Dem Logo appear next to your comments to show this. You must be registered for our forum and can then login on this public site with the same username and password.  Your email is never published. Required fields are marked *  * * Please complete the name of this site, Liberal Democrat ...?  « Previous Post  Subscribe    1. Twitter Follow @LibDemVoice on Twitter   2. Facebook Like us on Facebook   3. RSS Subscribe to our feed   4. Email Sign-up for our daily email digest  Most Read    1. The Clegg Family Christmas Card, with a little help from their sons   2. Nelson Mandela – the long walk is over   3. FOUND: David Cameron's Little Black Book   4. Three scenarios for the 2015 election based on current polling: which do you think looks most plausible?   5. Opinion: Our liberal identity crisis  Search  Op-eds    • Opinion: Political deference to today’s orthodoxy is the UK’s economic problem (Paul Reynolds)   • Lib Dems should aim for a budget surplus not because the Tories want to, but because it is right (Nick Thornsby)   • Norman Lamb MP writes…Have your say on dementia care (Norman Lamb MP)   • Opinion: Ukip’s not-so-respectable European allies (Paul Stocker)   • ‘Good’ gender segregation and ‘bad’ gender segregation? (Stephen Tall) Tweets from @libdemvoice/team     • Stephen Tall My recommended reading for today December 13, 2013   • Alex Folkes Lib Dems bring cheaper season tickets across Cornwall   • Louise Shaw Least credit worthy regions : bad news for the NW.   • Alice Bell The BBC should ask more questions about the experts it puts on air | Alice Bell   • Craig Whittall LDHQ: Pupil Premium Allocations 2014-15   • Trisha xx Looking back at the garden in 2013   • Mark Pack Splitters! Haringey's new Left Unity party fails to bring unity on the left   • Sandgate Library Events for Children in December   • Caron Lindsay Federal Executive report 9 December 2013   • David Boyle The trouble with inspection  Recent Comments    • User Avatartheakes 13th Dec - 3:39pm     All jolly nice, BUT WHAT ABOUT THE AWFUL COUNCIL BY ELECTION SYSTEM THIS WEEK. APPALLING RESULTS WHERE WE STOOD, AND WHAT ABOUT WHERE THERE WAS...   • User AvatarJayne Mansfield 13th Dec - 3:08pm     @ Roland UCL students were segregated, one of the visiting professors threatened to leave. The segregation of women from men on University grounds was based...   • User AvatarOliver 13th Dec - 2:58pm     @Evan The legal implications for someone who is unconscious, otherwise in a coma or incapable of making their own decision AND is from a foreign...   • User AvatarRoland 13th Dec - 2:36pm     I think Stephen and other have missed the key point of the UUK 'guidance': "Drawing on existing practice within the sector, this guidance seeks to...   • User AvatarGareth Wilson 13th Dec - 2:13pm     Its a bit of an oversimplification to say QE has been bad for everyone. Its been hugely successful for the government which has saved hundreds...   • User AvatarNick Thornsby 13th Dec - 1:53pm     @ Liberal Al I'm sorry that was your interpretation. Given that the fundamental point of the piece is that we should run a surplus in... Fri 13th Dec 2013 19:30 Social and Quiz Sat 14th Dec 2013 10:30 Action Day with our Redland candidate @alex_mjs Sun 15th Dec 2013 15:00 Minced Pies & Mulled Wine with Haringey Lib Dems Thu 19th Dec 2013 Lincolnshire County Council, Scotter Division by-election West Lindsey District Council, Scotter Ward by-election Thu 2nd Jan 2014 12:00 February Day of Action 20:00 Winchester Liberal Drinks Fri 3rd Jan 2014 19:30 Beer and Politics 19:30 European Policy Forum with Andrew Duff MEP Powered by Wordpress | Theme by Artesea | Content © 2006-2013 Liberal Democrat Voice and its contributors. All rights reserved. 0
__label__wiki One more step  Please complete the security check to access  Why do I have to complete a CAPTCHA?  Completing the CAPTCHA proves you are a human and gives you temporary access to the web property.  What can I do to prevent this in the future?  If you are on a personal connection, like at home, you can run an anti-virus scan on your device to make sure it is not infected with malware. If you are at an office or shared network, you can ask the network administrator to run a scan across the network looking for misconfigured or infected devices.
 jolly nice, BUT WHAT ABOUT THE AWFUL COUNCIL BY ELECTION SYSTEM THIS WEEK. APPALLING RESULTS WHERE WE STOOD, AND WHAT ABOUT WHERE THERE WAS...   • User AvatarJayne Mansfield 13th Dec - 3:08pm     @ Roland UCL students were segregated, one of the visiting professors threatened to leave. The segregation of women from men on University grounds was based...   • User AvatarOliver 13th Dec - 2:58pm     @Evan The legal implications for someone who is unconscious, otherwise in a coma or incapable of making their own decision AND is from a foreign...   • User AvatarRoland 13th Dec - 2:36pm     I think Stephen and other have missed the key point of the UUK 'guidance': "Drawing on existing practice within the sector, this guidance seeks to...   • User AvatarGareth Wilson 13th Dec - 2:13pm     Its a bit of an oversimplification to say QE has been bad for everyone. Its been hugely successful for the government which has saved hundreds...   • User AvatarNick Thornsby 13th Dec - 1:53pm     @ Liberal Al I'm sorry that was your interpretation. Given that the fundamental point of the piece is that we should run a surplus in... Fri 13th Dec 2013 19:30 Social and Quiz Sat 14th Dec 2013 10:30 Action Day with our Redland candidate @alex_mjs Sun 15th Dec 2013 15:00 Minced Pies & Mulled Wine with Haringey Lib Dems Thu 19th Dec 2013 Lincolnshire County Council, Scotter Division by-election West Lindsey District Council, Scotter Ward by-election Thu 2nd Jan 2014 12:00 February Day of Action 20:00 Winchester Liberal Drinks Fri 3rd Jan 2014 19:30 Beer and Politics 19:30 European Policy Forum with Andrew Duff MEP Powered by Wordpress | Theme by Artesea | Content © 2006-2013 Liberal Democrat Voice and its contributors. All rights reserved. 0
__label__wiki One more step  Please complete the security check to access  Why do I have to complete a CAPTCHA?  Completing the CAPTCHA proves you are a human and gives you temporary access to the web property.  What can I do to prevent this in the future?  If you are on a personal connection, like at home, you can run an anti-virus scan on your device to make sure it is not infected with malware. If you are at an office or shared network, you can ask the network administrator to run a scan across the network looking for misconfigured or infected devices.
__label__wiki 12b49 5 IDF soldiers killed, 14 injured by roadside bombs in northern Gaza | The Times of Israel Skip to main content Join our Community Support ToI and remove all ads Learn more   • English   • Français   • עברית   • Get The Daily Edition   • user Account   • user Sign In     • Sign in     • Join our Community The Times of Israel Open Search form   • Israel & the Region   • Jewish Times   • Israel Inside   • Tech Israel   • Real Estate Israel   • The Blogs   • Podcasts   • Video   • Newsletters     • The Daily Edition       What Matters Most Today     • Tech Israel       Updates from Silicon Wadi     • Real Estate Israel       Monthly Update     • The Weekend Edition       The Best Reads of the Week     • Weekly Highlights       Choice Voices From The Blogs   • Partners     • Atlanta       Atlanta Jewish Times     • North New Jersey       The Jewish Standard     • Pittsburgh       Jewish Chronicle     • United Kingdom       The Jewish News     • Australia       The Australian Jewish News     • For Publishers       Become a Partner   • English   • Français   • עברית   • Latest Articles   • Latest Alerts   • Israel & the Region   • Jewish Times   • Israel Inside   • Tech Israel   • Real Estate Israel   • The Blogs   • Podcasts   • Video   • Newsletters     • The Daily Edition       What Matters Most Today     • Tech Israel       Updates from Silicon Wadi     • Real Estate Israel       Monthly Update     • The Weekend Edition       The Best Reads of the Week     • Weekly Highlights       Choice Voices From The Blogs   • Partners     • Atlanta       Atlanta Jewish Times     • North New Jersey       The Jewish Standard     • Pittsburgh       Jewish Chronicle     • United Kingdom       The Jewish News     • Australia       The Australian Jewish News     • For Publishers       Become a Partner   • Community     • Join our community     • Sign in     • About The Times of Israel     • Advertise on The Times of Israel     • Contact us     • Download our App       • For IOS users       • For Android users     • Get the Daily Edition     • Follow us       facebook link instagram link twitter link youtube link     • © 2026 The Times of Israel , All Rights Reserved       Terms and conditions Privacy policy × Advertisement Homepage  5 IDF soldiers killed, 14 injured by roadside bombs in northern Gaza  IDF probe finds three explosives detonated in succession while soldiers were on foot in Beit Hanoun; four of five slain troops served in ultra-Orthodox Netzah Yehuda Battalion  By Emanuel Fabian You will receive email alerts from this author. Manage alert preferences on your profile page You will no longer receive email alerts from this author. Manage alert preferences on your profile page 8 July 2025, 9:53 am Edit   • Send by email   • Facebook   • X   • Whatsapp   • Telegram   • Bluesky   • Reddit   • Print 25  Emanuel (Mannie) Fabian is The Times of Israel's military correspondent  Soldiers killed in northern Gaza's Beit Hanoun on July 7, 2025: (L-R) Staff Sgt. Meir Shimon Amar, Sgt. Moshe Nissim Frech, Staff Sgt. Noam Aharon Musgadian, Sgt. First Class (res.) Benyamin Asulin, Staff Sgt. Moshe Shmuel Noll. (Courtesy) Soldiers killed in northern Gaza's Beit Hanoun on July 7, 2025: (L-R) Staff Sgt. Meir Shimon Amar, Sgt. Moshe Nissim Frech, Staff Sgt. Noam Aharon Musgadian, Sgt. First Class (res.) Benyamin Asulin, Staff Sgt. Moshe Shmuel Noll. (Courtesy)  Five Israeli soldiers were killed and 14 were wounded by roadside bombs in Beit Hanoun in the northern Gaza Strip on Monday night, the military announced on Tuesday morning.  The slain soldiers were named as:    • Staff Sgt. Meir Shimon Amar, 20, from Jerusalem   • Sgt. Moshe Nissim Frech, 20, from Jerusalem.   • Staff Sgt. Noam Aharon Musgadian, 20, from Jerusalem.   • Staff Sgt. Moshe Shmuel Noll, 21, from Beit Shemesh.   • Sgt. First Class (res.) Benyamin Asulin, 28, from Haifa.  Amar, Frech, Musgadian, and Noll served in the Kfir Brigade’s Netzah Yehuda Battalion. Asulin served in the Gaza Division’s Northern Brigade. Among the 14 wounded, two of the troops were listed in serious condition.  According to an IDF probe, the infantry soldiers were hit by three bombs remotely detonated one after another by Hamas operatives on the side of a road during ground operations in Beit Hanoun. The soldiers were operating on foot and were not inside a vehicle.  The investigation found that most of the troops were hurt by the first and second bombs, which were detonated within a few moments of each other. The first bomb hit several soldiers, and the troops that rushed to help them were hit by the second bomb.  Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories By signing up, you agree to the terms  As the third bomb was detonated, a cell of Hamas operatives opened fire with light arms on the Israeli troops. The military believes the bombs were planted by the Hamas cell during the preceding 24 hours.  b97c IDF Chief of Staff Lt. Gen. Eyal Zamir speaks to troops of the Kfir Brigade’s Netzah Yehuda Battalion in the Gaza Strip, March 6, 2025. (Israel Defense Forces)  The military said the area where the attack took place was also targeted from the air ahead of the troops’ operations.  Following the attack, the IDF dispatched Israeli Air Force drones, helicopters and fighter jets to the area to prevent any potential attempts by Hamas to abduct the soldiers. Within an hour and a half, the incident was considered over, the military said.  Advertisement  The Netzah Yehuda soldiers were operating under the Gaza Division’s Northern Brigade as part of a fresh offensive with the 646th Reserve Paratroopers Brigade in Beit Hanoun, which began on Saturday, aimed at clearing the area of terror operatives who remain holed up there.  The IDF has operated in Beit Hanoun — located on the northern edge of Gaza, just across from the border city of Sderot — numerous times since the start of the war, capturing the town but withdrawing each time after several weeks.  Israeli officials have said the latest offensive in Gaza would see the IDF hold onto the territory. Currently, the military is in control of some 70% of the Strip’s territory, according to the army.  Netzah Yehuda is made up mostly of ultra-Orthodox soldiers and was set up in 1999 to accommodate the religious lifestyle of Haredim and other national-religious recruits in the army.  IDF soldiers from the Kfir Brigade operate in the Gaza Strip, in images released on June 2, 2025. (Israel Defense Forces)  Reacting to the deadly incident while on his visit to Washington, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said, “On this difficult morning, the entire people of Israel bow their heads and mourn the deaths of our heroic fighters, who sacrificed their lives in the campaign to defeat Hamas and free all of our hostages. We embrace the families who lost their loved ones, and pray for the full recovery of those wounded in the incident.”  The majority of soldiers killed during fighting in Gaza in recent months were hit by explosive devices, many of which were planted in buildings or on the side of roads. Seven combat engineering soldiers were killed in Khan Younis on June 24, when a Hamas operative threw an explosive device into their armored personnel carrier.  Advertisement  Israel’s toll in the ground offensive against Hamas in Gaza and in military operations along the border with the Strip stands at 449.  The war in Gaza was sparked by the October 7, 2023, Hamas assault on southern Israel, in which some 1,200 people were killed 251 were taken hostage.  Smoke billows near makeshift shelters for displaced Palestinians during Israeli bombing in Rafah, in the southern Gaza Strip on June 11, 2025. (Photo by AFP)  Terror groups in the Gaza Strip are still holding 50 hostages, including 49 of the 251 abducted by Hamas-led terrorists on October 7, 2023. They include the bodies of at least 28 confirmed dead by the IDF. Twenty are believed to be alive and there are grave concerns for the well-being of two others, Israeli officials have said. Hamas is also holding the body of an IDF soldier killed in Gaza in 2014.  The Hamas-run Gaza health ministry says more than 57,000 people in the Strip have been killed or are presumed dead in the fighting so far, though the toll cannot be verified and does not differentiate between civilians and fighters. Israel says it has killed some 20,000 combatants in battle as of January and another 1,600 terrorists inside Israel during the October 7 onslaught.  Times of Israel staff contributed to this report.  Which gorgeous bird do you prefer?  THIS MONTH ONLY: Join our reader support group for as little as $6/month and receive an exclusive tote bag featuring one of Israel’s native birds.  Choose between the Duchifat (orange), Israel's national bird, or the Shaldag (blue), a beloved symbol of the Israeli landscape.   As a member of the Times of Israel Community, you'll also enjoy:    • An ad-free experience of our site and podcasts.   • Exclusive access to award-winning films via DocuNation.   • Weekly letters from founding editor David Horovitz. Join ToI Community & claim my bag CLAIM YOUR BAG Already a member? Sign in to stop seeing this You're a dedicated reader  We’re really pleased that you’ve read X Times of Israel articles in the past month.  That’s why we started the Times of Israel - to provide discerning readers like you with must-read coverage of Israel and the Jewish world.  So now we have a request. Unlike other news outlets, we haven’t put up a paywall. But as the journalism we do is costly, we invite readers for whom The Times of Israel has become important to help support our work by joining The Times of Israel Community.  For as little as $6 a month you can help support our quality journalism while enjoying The Times of Israel AD-FREE, as well as accessing exclusive content available only to Times of Israel Community members.  Thank you, David Horovitz, Founding Editor of The Times of Israel  Join Our Community Join Our Community Already a member? Sign in to stop seeing this Most Popular   • This photo released on May 12, 2026 shows US Marines with Maritime Raid Force rappelling out of an MH-60S Sea Hawk, assigned to Helicopter Sea Combat Squadron 25, during helicopter and roping sustainment training aboard the forward-deployed amphibious assault ship USS Tripoli at sea on May 8, 2026. (US Marine Corps photo)     1     As Iran talks stall, Israel and US prepping to renew war as soon as next week – report   • Hamas Gaza chief Izz al-Din al-Haddad, then the commander of the terror group's Gaza City Brigade, is seen in a video released by Hamas’s military wing in May 2022 (social media)     2     IDF confirms Hamas Gaza chief Izz al-Din al-Haddad killed in airstrike   • Left: Anti-Israel, pro-Palestinian protesters during a demonstration in London, Feb. 17, 2024; (R) A demonstrator stands on the head of the South Bank lionon the side of the Westminster Bridge, during a Tommy Robinson-led Unite the Kingdom march in London, Sept. 13, 2025. (AP Photo/Joanna Chan)     3     Tens of thousands set to rally in London for concurrent far-right, anti-Israel protests   • New York City Mayor Zohran Mamdani smiles during an address marking his first 100 days in office, in New York City, April 12, 2026. (AP Photo/Andres Kudacki)     4     Mamdani posts Nakba Day video, saying the ‘catastrophe’ continues until today   • Noam Bettan from Israel performs the song 'Michelle' during the Grand Final of the 70th Eurovision Song Contest in Vienna, Austria, May 16, 2026. (AP/Martin Meissner)     5     Israel’s Noam Bettan finishes second at Eurovision as Bulgaria takes the win   • An aerial view of the Ein Hatzeva archaeological site south of the Dead Sea in an undated picture. A new study published in the journal Levant on April 27, 2026, suggests that the ancient fortress at the site was built by the biblical kingdom of Israel in the first half of the 8th century BCE and not by the Assyrian empire as previously thought. (Asaf Peretz/ Israel Antiquities Authority)     6     How ancient seeds are rewriting the history of biblical-era trade with Arabia   • Cpt. Maoz Israel Recanati. (Israel Defense Forces)     7     IDF infantry platoon commander killed by Hezbollah drone in southern Lebanon   • Noam Bettan from Israel arrives on stage ahead of the dress rehearsal for the Grand Final of the 70th Eurovision Song Contest in Vienna, Austria, May 15, 2026. (AP Photo/Martin Meissner)     8     Israel’s Noam Bettan prepares to take the stage at partly boycotted Eurovision final read more:   • Israel & the Region   • 2023-2025 Israel-Hamas war   • IDF Israel Defense Forces   • Netzah Yehuda   • Beit Hanoun   • improvised explosive device IED If you’d like to comment, join The Times of Israel Community. JOIN THE TOI COMMUNITY Already a member? Log in here X Sign in or Join The Times of Israel Community Paying ToI Community members are invited to comment on articles Please use the following structure: example@domain.com Or Continue with google apple facebook By joining you agree to the terms and conditions timesofisrael Register to continue Or Continue with google apple facebook timesofisrael Log in to continue Something went wrong. Please try again in a few minutes.. timesofisrael Sign in or Join The Times of Israel Community You are currently registered. Please join The Times of Israel Community to comment and enjoy other Community benefits Only ToI Community members can comment below articles Incorrect password. Please try again or choose an option below. Forgot your password? / Send me a login link Or Continue with google apple facebook timesofisrael check your email Check your email We sent an email to you at . It has a link that will sign you in. Click the link in that email to complete registration so you can comment. X Join The Times of Israel Community Commenting is available for paying members of The Times of Israel Community only. Please join our Community to comment and enjoy other Community benefits. Please use the following structure: example@domain.com X Confirm Mail Thank you! Now check your email You are now a member of The Times of Israel Community! We sent you an email with a login link to . Once you're set up, you can start enjoying Community benefits and commenting. 1ff01 Advertisement Advertisement May 17, 2026 Current Top Stories IDF troops operate at the Litani River in southern Lebanon, in a handout photo published by the military on May 12, 2026. (Israel Defense Forces) Live IDF says Hezbollah fired rockets, explosive drones at troops in south Lebanon; no injuries By ToI Staff Amid reports Iran war could resume, Trump posts image warning of ‘calm before the storm’ * Settlers set fire to vehicle, spray graffiti in Palestinian West Bank village – reports   • 6:23 am     USS Ford finally returns home after 11-month deployment for Iran war, Maduro's capture   • 6:01 am     Settlers set fire to vehicle, spray graffiti in Palestinian West Bank village - reports   • 4:52 am     6 environmental campaigners arrested on suspicion of flying Palestinian flag from Eiffel Tower   • 4:40 am     IDF says Hezbollah fired rockets, explosive drones at troops in southern Lebanon; no injuries Noam Bettan from Israel performs the song 'Michelle' during the Grand Final of the 70th Eurovision Song Contest in Vienna, Austria, May 16, 2026. (AP/Martin Meissner) Israel’s Noam Bettan finishes second at Eurovision as Bulgaria takes the win By Amy Spiro ‘Michelle’ propels Israel to third in the televote and its 2nd year in a row as the runner up, as singer says he ‘tried to stay focused, I sang with joy, with a smile on my face’ Noam Bettan from Israel performs the song 'Michelle' during the Grand Final of the 70th Eurovision Song Contest in Vienna, Austria, May 16, 2026. (AP Photo/Martin Meissner) Live updates (closed)May 16: Herzog tells Eurovision runner-up Bettan he ‘brought honor’ to Israel with ‘perfect’ performance By ToI Staff Amir Ben-David Op-edLaugh-out-loud ridiculous: How the New York Times missed the mark on Israel and Eurovision By Amir Ben-David Noam Bettan from Israel arrives on stage ahead of the dress rehearsal for the Grand Final of the 70th Eurovision Song Contest in Vienna, Austria, May 15, 2026. (AP Photo/Martin Meissner) Israel’s Noam Bettan prepares to take the stage at partly boycotted Eurovision final By ToI Staff and Agencies Israeli flags hang in the designated Israel "Euro Cafe" MQ Kantine during the 70th Eurovision Song Contest week in Vienna, Austria, May 13, 2026. (AP/Martin Meissner) A Vienna cafe offers refuge for Israel supporters as tensions brew at Eurovision By AP and ToI Staff Cpt. Maoz Israel Recanati. (Israel Defense Forces) IDF infantry platoon commander killed by Hezbollah drone in southern Lebanon By Emanuel Fabian, Nava Freiberg, AFP and ToI Staff Slain officer named as Cpt. Maoz Israel Recanati, 24, who was set to marry fiancé next month; IDF says it struck over 100 Hezbollah targets over weekend A woman looks on from the window of a damaged building following overnight Israeli strike on Lebanon's southern city of Tyre on May 16, 2026. (Kawnat HAJU / AFP) IDF launches strikes targeting Hezbollah for 1st time since Lebanon ceasefire extended By Emanuel Fabian and Agencies US officials host the third round of talks between Israel and Lebanon at the State Department on May 15, 2026. (State Department) Porous ceasefire extended for 45-days after third round of Israel-Lebanon talks By Jacob Magid, Emanuel Fabian and AFP Staff Sgt. Negev Dagan, 20, was killed in Lebanon on May 14, 2026. (Courtesy of the IDF) Soldier killed by Hezbollah mortar shell in south Lebanon; rockets fired at north By Emanuel Fabian, Jacob Magid, Reuters and ToI Staff Hamas Gaza chief Izz al-Din al-Haddad, then the commander of the terror group's Gaza City Brigade, is seen in a video released by Hamas’s military wing in May 2022 (social media) IDF confirms Hamas Gaza chief Izz al-Din al-Haddad killed in airstrike By Emanuel Fabian Sources in terror group also confirm death of Haddad, known as ‘the Ghost’ and long sought by Israel; was one of last surviving architects of Oct. 7 onslaught and had in the past ‘surrounded himself with hostages’ Palestinians react to a fire following an Israeli strike on a residential building in the Rimal neighborhood of Gaza City, Friday, May 15, 2026. (AP Photo/Jehad Alshrafi) Israeli strike targets Hamas military leader Izz al-Din al-Haddad, ‘last architect of Oct. 7’ By Emanuel Fabian and Agencies Hamas Gaza chief Izz al-Din Haddad, who was killed in an IDF strike in Gaza City on May 15, 2026. (Via social media) Live updates (closed)May 15: After strike, Israeli official says Haddad was undermining Trump’s Gaza plan By ToI Staff A tent camp for displaced Palestinians stretches among the ruins of buildings destroyed during the Israel-Hamas war, in Gaza City, May 15, 2026. (AP Photo/Abdel Kareem Hana) US mulls asking Israel to provide PA tax funds for Trump’s Gaza plan — sources By Reuters, Jacob Magid and ToI Staff Sam Sokol TOI investigates Sam Sokol Haredi extremists brag openly of campaign to obstruct cops, but evade consequences In carefully worded emails, Jerusalem Faction organizers boast of mobilizing protests to block enforcement against draft dodgers, sometimes violently, while hiding behind laws protecting free speech A police car is seen on its side after a riot to protest against the jailing of a Jewish seminary student who failed to comply with an army recruitment order, in Jerusalem on December 18, 2025. (Chaim Goldberg/Flash90) A man stands near a burned car and graffiti on a mosque wall, which Palestinians say was made by extremist Israeli settlers, in the village of Jibya, north of Ramallah in the West Bank, May 15, 2026. (Flash90) Israel probes several settler attacks, troop misconduct, as West Bank assaults continue By Nurit Yohanan, Emanuel Fabian, AFP and ToI Staff Investigations launched after settlers torch Palestinian vehicles, reservist filmed dragging bound detainee; separately, IDF confirms Palestinian man killed near Jenin amid operation An Israeli settler clubs a dog to death in the Palestinian village of Atara in the central West Bank on May 15, 2026. (Screen capture/X, used in accordance with Clause 27a of the Copyright Law) Settler filmed brutally clubbing dog in Palestinian village By ToI Staff Finance Minister Bezalel Smotrich is seen at Damascus Gate in Jerusalem’s Old City during Jerusalem Day celebrations, May 14, 2026. (Jamal Awad/Flash90) Smotrich: End division of West Bank into Areas A, B and C; it all belongs to Israel By Emanuel Fabian, Nurit Yohanan and ToI Staff This photo released on May 12, 2026 shows US Marines with Maritime Raid Force rappelling out of an MH-60S Sea Hawk, assigned to Helicopter Sea Combat Squadron 25, during helicopter and roping sustainment training aboard the forward-deployed amphibious assault ship USS Tripoli at sea on May 8, 2026. (US Marine Corps photo) As Iran talks stall, Israel and US prepping to renew war as soon as next week – report By ToI Staff Commandos could be put on the ground to extract nuclear material, US officials tell New York Times; senior Israeli official reportedly says fighting would last ‘days to weeks’ US President Donald Trump walks to board Air Force One, Friday, May 15, 2026, at Beijing Capital International Airport in Beijing. (AP Photo/Mark Schiefelbein) Trump says he’s OK with Iran suspending nuke enrichment for 20 years if there’s ‘real’ guarantee By Jacob Magid and Agencies US President Donald Trump, center, walks with Chinese President Xi Jinping, left, at the Temple of Heaven on May 14, 2026, in Beijing. (AP/Mark Schiefelbein) Trump says ‘decimation’ of Iran’s army ‘to be continued’ after he and China’s Xi discuss Hormuz By Jacob Magid, Nava Freiberg and Agencies Anti-Israel, pro-Palestinian protesters march in central London, at the same time as a larger anti-immigration protest led by far-right activist Tommy Robinson, May 16, 2026. (Lidia Pedro / AFPTV / AFP) London police arrest 31 amid massive anti-migrant protest, smaller anti-Israel march By Agencies Police deploy 4,000 officers to maintain order in largest operation in years; UK’s PM Starmer says far-right firebrand Tommy Robinson ‘peddling hatred and division’ Left: Anti-Israel, pro-Palestinian protesters during a demonstration in London, Feb. 17, 2024; (R) A demonstrator stands on the head of the South Bank lionon the side of the Westminster Bridge, during a Tommy Robinson-led Unite the Kingdom march in London, Sept. 13, 2025. (AP Photo/Joanna Chan) Tens of thousands set to rally in London for concurrent far-right, anti-Israel protests By AFP and ToI Staff A general view of New Scotland Yard, the headquarters of the London Metropolitan Police on Feb. 3, 2012 (AP Photo/Alastair Grant, File) ‘You’re going to get beheaded one by one, you dirty Jews,’ London man threatens By ToI Staff An aerial view of the Ein Hatzeva archaeological site south of the Dead Sea in an undated picture. A new study published in the journal Levant on April 27, 2026, suggests that the ancient fortress at the site was built by the biblical kingdom of Israel in the first half of the 8th century BCE and not by the Assyrian empire as previously thought. (Asaf Peretz/ Israel Antiquities Authority) How ancient seeds are rewriting the history of biblical-era trade with Arabia By Rossella Tercatin New radiocarbon dating of Ein Hatzeva fortress on ancient trade route in the Arava suggests it was built 2,800 years ago by the Kingdom of Israel, shoring up Bible’s account Former Hadash MK Yousef Jabareen is elected to lead the Arab-majority party in internal primaries, May 16, 2026. (Hadash) Former MK Yousef Jabareen elected leader of Arab-majority party Hadash By Ariela Karmel and ToI Staff Leadership shakeup comes as two MKs step down; Jabareen pushes to revive Joint List; sole woman wins fifth slot Screen capture from video of a large explosion near Beith Shemesh, May 17, 2026. (X) Late-night blast, fireball near Beit Shemesh rattles jittery residents By ToI Staff Defense firm later says large explosion was ‘pre-planned experiment,’ claims test was coordinated with authorities A health official uses a thermometer to screen people in front of Kibuli Muslim Hospital in Kampala, Uganda, May 16, 2026. (Hajarah Nalwadda/AP) WHO declares Ebola outbreak in Congo, Uganda a global health emergency By Disha Mishra and Akanksha Khushi UN health agency reports 80 suspected deaths, warns outbreak could spread to neighboring countries; there are no approved virus-specific therapeutics or vaccines for this strain Luke Tress Inside story Luke Tress On synagogues, playgrounds: In NY, swastika graffiti is increasingly common and rarely prosecuted Nazi symbols are mushrooming around New York, often targeting Jewish sites and including at least three sprees in recent months, following an increase last year, according to ADL data A swastika on the Upper West Side of Manhattan, May 13, 2026. (Luke Tress/Times of Israel) New York City Mayor Zohran Mamdani smiles during an address marking his first 100 days in office, in New York City, April 12, 2026. (AP Photo/Andres Kudacki) Mamdani posts Nakba Day video, saying the ‘catastrophe’ continues until today By Luke Tress Illustrative: Keshet high school students take their mathematics matriculation examination in Tel Aviv, June 29, 2020. (Avshalom Sassoni/Flash90) Report: Just 3% of Israeli ninth graders met science requirements in latest tests By ToI Staff Education minister claims results were leaked for ‘political’ reasons, without addressing why it withheld the science scores from the rest of the exam data published last month From L to R: Attorney General Gali Baharav-Miara, at the Knesset, in Jerusalem, September 30, 2025. (Oren Ben Hakoon/Flash90); Incoming Mossad head Maj. Gen. Roman Gofman arrives at the Knesset, in Jerusalem on February 5, 2026. (Yonatan Sindel/Flash90) Gofman accuses AG acting in bad faith in case against his appointment as Mossad head By ToI Staff and Jeremy Sharon Baharav-Miara raised concerns over meetings between Gofman and a senior Mossad official, appearing to believe it may have been intended to influence outcome of case against him Iraqi militia commander charged in US for plotting attacks on Jewish targets for Iran By Luke Tress and Agencies US prosecutors say Mohammad Al-Saadi, a Kataeb Hezbollah member and IRGC operative, coordinated close to 20 recent attacks in Western countries claimed by Harakat Ashab al-Yamin al-Islamiya This photo from a criminal complaint unsealed Friday, May 15, 2026, by the US District Court for the Southern District of New York, shows Mohammad Baqer Saad Dawood Al-Saadi, right, with Qassem Soleimani, then-commander of the Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps' Quds Force, featured on al-Saadi’s Snapchat account according to a federal criminal complaint. (US District Court for the Southern District of New York via AP) Exclusive Jacob Magid and Nurit Yohanan Backers of Abbas rival excluded from Fatah confab, despite Egypt’s push for inclusivity After PA president gave non-committal response to visiting Egyptian official, members of Dahlan-led faction left out of major gathering where elections held for party’s top panels Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas (2nd L) chairs the eighth Fatah conference in the West Bank city of Ramallah on May 14, 2026. (Jaafar ASHTIYEH / AFP) Nurit Yohanan Inside storyIgnoring ‘pay-for-slay’ reform, Ramallah court tells PA to reinstate money for prisoner By Nurit Yohanan Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas (2nd L) chairs the eighth Fatah conference in the West Bank city of Ramallah on May 14, 2026. (Jaafar ASHTIYEH / AFP) Fatah gathers for first election in decade, as PA’s Abbas pledges to continue reforms By AFP, Nurit Yohanan and Jacob Magid Rescuers work on the scene after a driver injured seven people in Modena, Italy, May 16, 2026. (Giorgia Bassoli / AFP) At least eight injured in car ramming in Italian city of Modena By Reuters Driver arrested after allegedly deliberately driving into pedestrians, stabbing a bystander who tried to stop him; authorities investigate motive, possible terrorism link The 1966 ode to Mickey Marcus 'Cast a Giant Shadow' is featured on this week's The Reel Schmooze. The Reel Schmooze podcast ‘Cast a Giant Shadow’: A 1966 ode to Israel’s first general, Mickey Marcus By Amanda Borschel-Dan and Jordan Hoffman The opinions of ToI’s movie maven and deputy editor diverge starkly on this old classic. Stay tuned to see who gave it a ‘meh’ and who thought it was ‘not bad’ The opening ceremony of the 20th Maccabiah Games in Jerusalem, July 6, 2017. (Yonatan Sindel/Flash90) In the shadow of another Iran war, Maccabiah Games in Israel set to go ahead in July By Zev Stub After last year’s international competition of 8,000 Jewish athletes from around was canceled, organizers cautiously hope the 2026 redo will meet expectations More Headlines Activists have set up a pro-Palestinian camp on Hamburg's Moorweide, which a German court permitted over the objections of the city and Jewish community, May 10, 2026. (Bernhard Sprengel/picture alliance via Getty Images via JTA) German court allows anti-Israel encampment in Hamburg park where Nazis deported Jews By Shira Li Bartov Then-UK Health Secretary Wes Streeting leaves 10 Downing Street after a cabinet meeting in London, Tuesday, 2026. (AP Photo/Kirsty Wigglesworth) UK’s ex-health minister Streeting says will run to replace PM Keir Starmer By Agencies The suspect in the shooting of two Israeli Embassy staffers at the Capital Jewish Museum, Elias Rodriguez, shouts 'Free Palestine' as he is arrested, May 21, 2025. (Screenshot: X; used in accordance with Clause 27a of the Copyright Law) Prosecutors seek death penalty for man charged with killing Israeli DC embassy staffers By AFP Forensic officers search the area after two Jewish men were stabbed in north London's Golders Green neighborhood on April 29, 2026.(AP Photo/Kin Cheung) Man who stabbed 2 Jews in Golders Green to stand trial next year, London court hears By ToI Staff and Reuters Cornell University President Michael Kotlikoff poses for a portrait in the A.D. White House on June 6, 2024. (Ryan Young / Cornell University via JTA) Cornell trustees back Jewish president after anti-Israel students mob his car By Andrew Lapin US President Donald Trump gestures to reporters as he walks across the South Lawn of the White House, May 15, 2026, in Washington (AP Photo/Jacquelyn Martin) Trump says Islamic State’s second-in-command killed by US and Nigerian forces By AP Far-left streamer Hasan Piker speaks at a campaign rally for Abdul El-Sayed, a candidate in the Democratic primary for US Senate in Michigan, at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor on Tuesday, April 7, 2026. (AP Photo/Julia Demaree Nikhinson) Jewish groups call on UK to bar ‘dangerous’ Hasan Piker amid antisemitic attacks By ToI Staff Kehillat Israel congregants gather in the remodeled sanctuary, while it is still under construction, ahead of the ceremony on May 15, 2026. (Courtesy of Kehillat Israel) Congregation returns to Los Angeles synagogue that was damaged in 2025 wildfire By Grace Gilson US President Donald Trump prays at the first cabinet meeting of his second term at the White House, in Washington, DC, in February 26, 2025. (Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post via Getty Images/JTA) Trump’s ‘Shabbat 250’ call divides US Jews ahead of National Mall prayer rally By Jackie Hajdenberg Screenshot from an advertisement for US Jewish charity Kars4Kids. (YouTube screenshot/Kars4Kids) Judge bars Kars4Kids from advertising in California, saying it misled donors about Jewish mission By Grace Gilson Top Ops Simone Chiusa Simone Chiusa Iran tells its diaspora to die for the country Missions in 15 countries are recruiting nationals for a martyrdom campaign. Why aren’t host states seeing this for what it is? William Keenan William Keenan Israel lost the ‘propaganda war’ because of policies Netanyahu’s framing — that Israel is a virtuous actor being buried under lies — leaves no room for accountability Jacques Rothschild Jacques Rothschild Jerusalem: The city that redeemed the idea of a city In the Torah, cities reek of corruption, power, violence, and human arrogance. In sharp contrast, Israel’s holy city glorifies sanctity and responsibility Jessica Ghitis Jessica Ghitis I want Israel to be a guy from Oklahoma Wouldn’t it be nice if the Jewish state were ordinary, like that date who sent me decent music and never added any conflict to my life? Lara Itzhaki Lara Itzhaki Living the Jerusalem we once only prayed for To all the haters who want Israel to be temporary: We’re not going anywhere – and our daily routines prove it, for it’s ordinary life that makes this our home Yosef Blau Yosef Blau ‘Jewish terrorism’ isn’t Jewish Wielding power for violence is antithetical to Judaism, so why don’t religious Zionist leaders censure the Jews who attack their Arab neighbors? Eliezer Simcha Weiss Eliezer Simcha Weiss From the shadow of death to the light of Jerusalem The miracle I witnessed in the summer of 5727 (1967) was a breathtaking change – as though heaven itself had opened before our eyes Ariel Beery Ariel Beery Real Zionists recognize the Nakba And real pro-Palestinians reject the genocidal impulses within their movement and acknowledge Israeli fears of extermination Sherwin Pomerantz Sherwin Pomerantz Nicholas Kristof’s illogical, overreaching anti-Israel rant in the NYT   An accomplished reporter should know better than to rely on unreliable sources that convey bias instead of nuance Nitsan Alon Eran Shamir-Borer Nitsan Alon and Eran Shamir-Borer We were there. The Supreme Court did not tie the IDF’s hands on the Gaza border Two former senior IDF officers: Baseless claims that the Court restricted open-fire rules before the October 7 attacks are merely a pretext to dodge a state commission of inquiry Noam Raucher Noam Raucher The devil wears cleats Despite their TikTok attention spans, my adolescent sons were into the long-form drama about fashion, work, identity, and power – and I learned not to sell them short David Begoun David Begoun I love Jerusalem too much to pretend it holds only one story I celebrate the miracle of Jews’ return to this holy place, but we must acknowledge the others who are attached to it or risk losing the united city we cherish Latest Articles   • A police car is seen on its side after a riot to protest against the jailing of a Jewish seminary student who failed to comply with an army recruitment order, in Jerusalem on December 18, 2025. (Chaim Goldberg/Flash90)     32 minutes ago     TOI investigatesHaredi extremists brag openly of campaign to obstruct cops, but evade consequences   • 41 minutes ago     WHO declares Ebola outbreak in Congo, Uganda a global health emergency   • 1 hour ago     Late-night blast, fireball near Beit Shemesh rattles jittery residents   • 5 hours ago     Live updatesIDF says Hezbollah fired rockets, explosive drones at troops in south Lebanon; no injuries   • 5 hours ago     Report: Just 3% of Israeli ninth graders met science requirements in latest tests   • 6 hours ago     Israel’s Noam Bettan finishes second at Eurovision as Bulgaria takes the win   • 7 hours ago     Gofman accuses AG acting in bad faith in case against his appointment as Mossad head   • 9 hours ago     Israel probes several settler attacks, troop misconduct, as West Bank assaults continue   • 10 hours ago     At least eight injured in car ramming in Italian city of Modena   • 10 hours ago     IDF infantry platoon commander killed by Hezbollah drone in southern Lebanon   • 11 hours ago     London police arrest 31 amid massive anti-migrant protest, smaller anti-Israel march   • 13 hours ago     Former MK Yousef Jabareen elected leader of Arab-majority party Hadash   • 13 hours ago     UK’s ex-health minister Streeting says will run to replace PM Keir Starmer   • 17 hours ago     IDF confirms Hamas Gaza chief Izz al-Din al-Haddad killed in airstrike   • 17 hours ago     German court allows anti-Israel encampment in Hamburg park where Nazis deported Jews   • 18 hours ago     IDF launches strikes targeting Hezbollah for 1st time since Lebanon ceasefire extended   • 19 hours ago     As Iran talks stall, Israel and US prepping to renew war as soon as next week – report   • 19 hours ago     In the shadow of another Iran war, Maccabiah Games in Israel set to go ahead in July   • 19 hours ago     Man who stabbed 2 Jews in Golders Green to stand trial next year, London court hears   • 20 hours ago     Israel’s Noam Bettan prepares to take the stage at partly boycotted Eurovision final See All Latest Blogs   • Eugene Korn     Eugene Korn     Defiling the Land — And Us   • Eliezer Avraham     Eliezer Avraham     Rededicate 250: When America Awai...   • Kenneth Cohen     Kenneth Cohen     600,000   • David K. Rees     David K. Rees     In order to obtain a negotiated p...   • Peter Himmelman     Peter Himmelman     Almost Too Much Wonder   • Jose Lev Alvarez Gomez     Jose Lev Alvarez Gomez     Abbas Re-Elects Himself. Iran Wins.   • Shlomo Ezagui     Shlomo Ezagui     When Walls Become a Window: How L...   • Steve Wenick     Steve Wenick     Conspicuously Missing From the Me...   • Andy Blumenthal     Andy Blumenthal     Why I Came Back to Shul   • Sheldon Kirshner     Sheldon Kirshner     The Ineffective Truce In Lebanon ... See All  Today's Daily Briefing  ToI movie maven Jordan Hoffman reviews 1966's ‘Cast a Giant Shadow’ listen to the podcast idfwo logo  They still  need you Donate  Sponsored  Celebrate Israel's natural beauty Tote bags with Israel's native birds Join The Times of Israel Community today and get a tote bag with one of Israel's native birds Claim Your Bag A Tale of Two Sisters  &  The Times of Israel  A Tale of Two Sisters  Unexpected roommates during a war listen to the podcast A Tale of Two Sisters  Those We Have Lost  Civilians and soldiers who have fallen since Oct. 7 Read Here Full Coverage 2026 US-Israel war with Iran   • Screen capture from video of a large explosion near Beith Shemesh, May 17, 2026. (X)     Late-night blast, fireball near Beit Shemesh rattles jittery residents     By ToI Staff   • This photo released on May 12, 2026 shows US Marines with Maritime Raid Force rappelling out of an MH-60S Sea Hawk, assigned to Helicopter Sea Combat Squadron 25, during helicopter and roping sustainment training aboard the forward-deployed amphibious assault ship USS Tripoli at sea on May 8, 2026. (US Marine Corps photo)     As Iran talks stall, Israel and US prepping to renew war as soon as next week – report     By ToI Staff   • A smoke plume rises from a fire sparked by an Iranian drone attack at Dubai International Airport in Dubai on March 16, 2026. (AFP)     UAE rejects ‘attempts to justify Iranian terror’ after Tehran alleges role in war     By AFP and ToI Staff See All  podcasts  What Matters Now Identity/Crisis JPPI – The Jewish People’s Podcast Wondering Jews For Heaven's Sake Listen now Promoting Community CRM The Times of Israel Daily Edition Free to Your Inbox The email is either missing or invalid. By signing up, you agree to our terms You hereby accept The Times of Israel Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, and you agree to receive the latest news & offers from The Times of Israel and its partners or ad sponsors. Docunation Docu Nation Full Coverage Times of Israel podcasts   • The 1966 ode to Mickey Marcus 'Cast a Giant Shadow' is featured on this week's The Reel Schmooze.     ‘Cast a Giant Shadow’: A 1966 ode to Israel’s first general, Mickey Marcus     By Amanda Borschel-Dan and Jordan Hoffman   • Col. Dakar Eilat     Dakar Eilat: Inside prisons for Hamas terrorists     By Lazar Berman   • Daily Briefing May 15: Art on trial from Venice to Jerusalem     By Gabriella Jacobs and Jessica Steinberg See All Full Coverage 2023-2025 Israel-Hamas war   • Hamas Gaza chief Izz al-Din al-Haddad, then the commander of the terror group's Gaza City Brigade, is seen in a video released by Hamas’s military wing in May 2022 (social media)     IDF confirms Hamas Gaza chief Izz al-Din al-Haddad killed in airstrike     By Emanuel Fabian   • Palestinians react to a fire following an Israeli strike on a residential building in the Rimal neighborhood of Gaza City, Friday, May 15, 2026. (AP Photo/Jehad Alshrafi)     Israeli strike targets Hamas military leader Izz al-Din al-Haddad, ‘last architect of Oct. 7’     By Emanuel Fabian and Agencies   • A tent camp for displaced Palestinians stretches among the ruins of buildings destroyed during the Israel-Hamas war, in Gaza City, May 15, 2026. (AP Photo/Abdel Kareem Hana)     US mulls asking Israel to provide PA tax funds for Trump’s Gaza plan — sources     By Reuters, Jacob Magid and ToI Staff See All Full Coverage Liveblog   • IDF troops operate at the Litani River in southern Lebanon, in a handout photo published by the military on May 12, 2026. (Israel Defense Forces)     IDF says Hezbollah fired rockets, explosive drones at troops in south Lebanon; no injuries     By ToI Staff   • Noam Bettan from Israel performs the song 'Michelle' during the Grand Final of the 70th Eurovision Song Contest in Vienna, Austria, May 16, 2026. (AP Photo/Martin Meissner)     May 16: Herzog tells Eurovision runner-up Bettan he ‘brought honor’ to Israel with ‘perfect’ performance     By ToI Staff   • Hamas Gaza chief Izz al-Din Haddad, who was killed in an IDF strike in Gaza City on May 15, 2026. (Via social media)     May 15: After strike, Israeli official says Haddad was undermining Trump’s Gaza plan     By ToI Staff See All Those we have lost Stories of the civilians and soldiers who have fallen in the Israel-Hamas war   • Amit Cohen (Courtesy)     Those we have lost     Amit Cohen, 23: Was slated to start a new job the day after Supernova     By ToI Staff   • Eden Moshe (Courtesy)     Those we have lost     Eden Moshe, 27: Electrical engineering student and devoted soccer fan     By ToI Staff   • Sgt. Shay Levinson (Courtesy)     Those we have lost     Staff Sgt. Shay Levinson, 19: Volleyball player and ‘soldier of hope’     By ToI Staff   • Maj. Moti Shamir (IDF)     Those we have lost     Maj. Moti Shamir, 29: Officer never got to meet his baby daughter     By ToI Staff   • Sgt. Maj. (res.) Liran Mones Almosnino (Courtesy)     Those we have lost     Sgt. Maj. (res.) Liran Almosnino, 42: Shepherd and ‘man of nature’     By ToI Staff   • Staff Sgt. Alexander Masliy (IDF)     Those we have lost     Staff Sgt. Alexander Masliy, 21: Combat engineer ‘loved this country’     By ToI Staff   • Master Sgt. Ari Zenilman, 32, who fell in battle with Hamas on December 10, 2023, pictured with his three children less than a week before Hamas's October 7 massacre and subsequent start of the 2024 Israel-Hamas War. (Courtesy)     Those we have lost     Master Sgt. Ari Zenilman, 32: Dedicated father with a brilliant mind     By ToI Staff   • Staff Sgt. Avraham Nerya Cohen (Courtesy)     Those we have lost     Staff Sgt. Avraham Cohen, 20: Off-duty soldier helped plan Supernova     By ToI Staff   • Staff Sgt. Amit Most (IDF)     Those we have lost     Staff Sgt. Amit Most, 20: Nahal soldier dreamed of studying in London     By ToI Staff   • Steven Makarchenko (Courtesy)     Those we have lost     Steven Makarchenko, 25: Truck driver who loved camping and barbecuing     By ToI Staff   • Staff Sgt. Shimon Alroy Ben Shitrit who was killed in Nahal Oz on October 7, 2023. (IDF)     Those We Have Lost     Staff Sgt. Alroy Ben Shitrit, 20: A fighter with ‘a captivating smile’     By ToI Staff   • Noah and Mayana Hershkovitz (Courtesy)     Those we have lost     Mayana and Noah Hershkovitz, 65 & 68: Couple shared a love of art     By ToI Staff   • Yael Rozman (Courtesy)     Those we have lost     Yael Rozman, 26: Business student with ‘wit, wisdom and style’     By ToI Staff   • Command Sgt. Maj. Yehuda Kadar (Courtesy)     Those we have lost     Command Sgt. Maj. Yehuda Kadar, 50: Police officer with ‘warmest eyes’     By ToI Staff   • Staff Sgt. Yaad Ben Yaakov (IDF)     Those we have lost     Staff Sgt. Yaad Ben Yaakov, 20: Golani soldier with a beaming smile     By ToI Staff   • Matan Rosenberg (Courtesy)     Those We Have Lost     Matan Rosenberg, 17: High school music lover killed with his two uncles     By ToI Staff   • Efrat Katz, 68, was killed as Hamas terrorists kidnapped her from her home in Kibbutz Nir Oz on October 7. (Facebook)     Those We Have Lost     Efrat Katz, 68: Doting grandmother who loved the fields of Nir Oz     By ToI Staff   • Chana Kritzman (Courtesy)     Those We Have Lost     Chana Kritzman, 88: Book lover who established Be’eri’s library     By ToI Staff   • Orly and David Schvartzman (Facebook)     Those We Have Lost     Orly and David Schvartzman, both 67: Slain in home they loved     By ToI Staff   • Maj. Ido Shani (IDF)     Those we have lost     Maj. Ido Shani, 29: Newlywed commander who sprang into action     By ToI Staff Tales of the Times The quirky, improbable, infuriating and uplifting   • Interior view of the new National Library of Israel, 2023. (Iwan Baan/File)     Story time     Four authors named as finalists for Sami Rohr Prize     By Jessica Steinberg   • Two dolphins seen during an Israel Nature and Parks survey of marine mammals and birds, May 10, 2026. (Matan Benedict, Delphis)     Eye pod     Marine survey spots rare bird and thriving dolphins     By Sue Surkes   • At the opening night of the 25th Docaviv film festival in Tel Aviv, May 11, 2023 (Courtesy)     Popcorn time     DocAviv hosts 10 days of screenings throughout Tel Aviv     By Jessica Steinberg   • A Jewish couple is wed in a mass wedding ceremony in Kyiv, May 2026. (Courtesy of JCC Kiev)     Mazal tough     Amid Ukraine ceasefire, Jewish couples wed in joint ceremony in Kyiv     By Zev Stub   • Israel’s contestant in the Miss Universe pageant, Melanie Shiraz (on the right side of these frames), seen meeting Rama Duwaji, the wife of New York City Mayor Zohran Mamdani, by chance in a coffee shop in NYC, May 6, 2026. (Screenshots/Melanie Shiraz via Instagram)     Picture dis     Miss Israel says Mamdani’s wife shunned her at NYC café     By ToI Staff   • From 'A Plate of Hope and Color' exhibit for lone soldiers in Tel Aviv, through May 8, 2026 (Courtesy)     Plated hope     Artists paint dinner plates for lone soldier charity     By Jessica Steinberg   • Bahati, with one of her beloved tires. (Ramat Gan Safari)     Heavyweight heritage     Ramat Gan Safari bids farewell to Bahati, iconic 65-year-old elephant     By Sue Surkes   • This image provided by NAOJ shows artist’s impression of the trans-Neptunian object (612533) 2002 XV93 occulting a background star. (Ko Arimatsu/NAOJ via AP)     Small world     Atmosphere spotted on celestial body in far reaches of solar system     By Will Dunham   • A 16th-century prayer book based on the teachings of Rabbi Isaac Luria, on display for the first time at ANU, Museum of the Jewish People, for Lag B'Omer, beginning May 3, 2026 (Itzik Biran)     Good intentions     Rare mystical prayer book unveiled at ANU museum in Tel Aviv     By Jessica Steinberg   • A Lebanese TV cartoon portraying Hezbollah and its leader Naim Qassem (left) as characters from Angry Birds, in a clip aired May 1, 2026. (LBCI screenshot)     Cartoon wars     Hezbollah slams Lebanese TV for ‘Angry Birds’ clip mocking leader     By AFP   • Orangutan Soga cuddles newborn Cahaya at the Jerusalem Biblical Zoo. (Yaron Cassuto Magen)     Light arrives     First orangutan born at Jerusalem Biblical Zoo     By Sue Surkes   • The Gagon shelter in Jaffa, open for tours during Batim Mibifnim 2026, the annual Tel Aviv Open Houses event. (Courtesy)     Behind closed doors     Tel Aviv’s ‘Open Houses’ offers fresh peek at private and public spaces     By Jessica Steinberg   • Akiva Shrier wins second place at the International Bible Quiz on April 19 in Jerusalem, Israel. (Screenshot via JTA)     Strong showing     US teens place high in Israel’s annual Bible Quiz     By Grace Gilson   • Writer Bernard-Henri Lévy at the 2025 Jerusalem International Writers Festival (Courtesy)     Booking issues     Dara Horn, Joseph Finder among visiting authors at annual writer’s festival     By Jessica Steinberg   • Illustrative: Violinist Stefan Jackiw holds the 1714 Joachim-Ma Stradivarius at Sotheby's auction house in New York on Monday, Feb. 3, 2025. (AP Photo/Ted Shaffrey)     $10 million encore     300-year-old Nazi-looted Stradivarius said to reappear in France     By Isabelle Le Page and Damien Stroka   • Eyal Tzionov, a TikTok personality who dresses up as the Sephardic chief rabbi, sits in the audience of Israel's annual Independence Day torch-lighting on Mount Herzl, Jerusalem, on April 21, 2026. (Screenshot/YouTube)     Clerical error     TikToker dressed as chief rabbi stirs confusion at Independence event     By ToI Staff   • Ya'akobi wheat, named for Yakov Inon, an agronomist murdered by Hamas terrorists at Moshav Netiv Ha'asara on October 7, 2023. The drought-resistant wheat was developed at the Agriculture Ministry's R&D arm, the Volcani Institute. (Roi Ben David)     Southern resilience     New drought-resistant wheat variety named after October 7 victim     By Sue Surkes   • A Red Sea Picasso triggerfish approaches the live camera placed on a reef by Prof Maoz Fine. (Screen capture)     Deep dive     New site offers travel by armchair to Eilat’s magnificent coral reefs     By Sue Surkes   • From 'The Future to Come,' a new feature by award-winning director Ruthy Pribar, will premiere on June 8, 2026 at the Tribeca Festival in New York (Daniela Novitz)     Big screen welcome     Two Israeli films to premiere at Tribeca in June     By Jessica Steinberg   • From the song recorded by Yehudit Ravitz with lyrics by Aner Shapira, heroic soldier killed on October 7, 2023, and released April 17, 2026.(Courtesy)     Posthumous sound     Aner Shapira, hero of October 7, is heard in duet with Yehudit Ravitz     By Jessica Steinberg Scroll to view more Back to top The Times of Israel   • Israel & the Region   • Jewish Times   • Israel Inside   • Tech Israel   • Real Estate Israel   • The Blogs   • podcasts   • video   • terms and conditions   • privacy policy   • about us   • advertise with us   • Jobs at The Times of Israel   • contact us Community   • Join our community   • Sign in Get the Daily Edition Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Whatsapp Follow us on X Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Telegram Follow us on Threads Follow us on Bluesky  © 2026 The Times of Israel, all rights reserved  Concept, design & development by Developed by RGB Media logo Powered by Salamandra logo Never miss breaking news on Israel Get notifications to stay updated You're subscribed logo image Register for free and continue reading Registering allows you to manage your newsletters and alerts and helps us improve your experience. It takes just a few seconds. Already registered? Enter your email to sign in. Please use the following structure: example@domain.com Or Continue with google apple facebook By registering you agree to the terms and conditions. Once registered, you’ll receive our Daily Edition email for free. timesofisrael Register to continue Or Continue with google apple facebook timesofisrael Log in to continue Something went wrong. Please try again in a few minutes.. timesofisrael Sign in or Register Incorrect password. Please try again or choose an option below. I forgot my password / Send me a sign in link Or Continue with google apple facebook timesofisrael check your email Check your email We sent an email to you at . It has a link that will sign you in. Click the link in that email to complete your registration.  0
er Shapira, hero of October 7, is heard in duet with Yehudit Ravitz     By Jessica Steinberg Scroll to view more Back to top The Times of Israel   • Israel & the Region   • Jewish Times   • Israel Inside   • Tech Israel   • Real Estate Israel   • The Blogs   • podcasts   • video   • terms and conditions   • privacy policy   • about us   • advertise with us   • Jobs at The Times of Israel   • contact us Community   • Join our community   • Sign in Get the Daily Edition Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Whatsapp Follow us on X Follow us on Youtube Follow us on Telegram Follow us on Threads Follow us on Bluesky  © 2026 The Times of Israel, all rights reserved  Concept, design & development by Developed by RGB Media logo Powered by Salamandra logo Never miss breaking news on Israel Get notifications to stay updated You're subscribed logo image Register for free and continue reading Registering allows you to manage your newsletters and alerts and helps us improve your experience. It takes just a few seconds. Already registered? Enter your email to sign in. Please use the following structure: example@domain.com Or Continue with google apple facebook By registering you agree to the terms and conditions. Once registered, you’ll receive our Daily Edition email for free. timesofisrael Register to continue Or Continue with google apple facebook timesofisrael Log in to continue Something went wrong. Please try again in a few minutes.. timesofisrael Sign in or Register Incorrect password. Please try again or choose an option below. I forgot my password / Send me a sign in link Or Continue with google apple facebook timesofisrael check your email Check your email We sent an email to you at . It has a link that will sign you in. Click the link in that email to complete your registration.  0
__label__wiki 8000 Book Review: Eating Animals by Jonathan Safran Foer washingtonpost.com  > Arts & Living  > Books  Book Review: Eating Animals by Jonathan Safran Foer  eating animals   Enlarge Photo     TOOLBOX Resize Print E-mail Reprints By Joe Yonan Washington Post Staff Writer Sunday, November 22, 2009  EATING ANIMALS  By Jonathan Safran Foer  Little, Brown. 341 pp. $25.99  It's tempting to dismiss Jonathan Safran Foer's "Eating Animals" as the product of a cocky, self-involved writer who woke up one day and discovered factory farming. Haven't Michael Pollan, Eric Schlosser et al. been here before? More than 20 years after "60 Minutes" visited a chicken-processing plant, do we need another dive into the "fecal soup" that Diane Sawyer described?  Perhaps not. But Foer's particular brand of modernist prose, as made famous in his novels "Everything Is Illuminated" and "Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close," does serve to bring another round of scrutiny -- and a new demographic of reader -- to the kinds of farms that, as he puts it, "treat living animals like dead ones."  The catalyst for Foer's three years of research into what became his first nonfiction book was the impending birth of his son. When presented with the challenge of deciding the diet of his offspring, he wanted answers about meat: "Where does it come from? How is it produced? How are animals treated, and to what extent does that matter?" Foer casts himself as a philosopher-scientist-author-activist who is sensitive to the moral imperative of humans and to "the health of the largest ecosystems on our planet" and who sees industrial farming as a central problem.  From the outset, Foer's perspective seems as one-sided as PETA's; readers have little doubt that he has not only decided on vegetarianism, but wants to proselytize about it. That can make the book a tough read for someone like me, and I'm probably Foer's target audience: an animal lover who also happens to find carnivory deeply satisfying, perhaps even on a primal level. Reading it on my couch while eating pork tacos as my 90-pound Doberman rested his head in my lap, I wanted to drop the book when I got to Foer's Swiftian argument that what I really should've been eating was my dog. His point is to set up dogs as no more intelligent -- and therefore no more deserving of affection and protection -- than livestock. "Can the familiarity of the animals we have come to know as companions be a guide to us as we think about the animals we eat?" he writes.  "Eating Animals" suffers from Foer's sometimes-sanctimonious attitude and the same over-the-top writing that has always divided his readers into love-him or hate-him camps. In a chapter about food-borne illness and the connections between industrial farming and swine flu, he opines: "When we eat factory-farmed meat we live, literally, on tortured flesh. Increasingly, that tortured flesh is becoming our own." (I'd be surprised if "Tortured Flesh" weren't an early contender for the book's title.)  Foer devotes much energy to environmental impacts, dropping such statistics into the mix as the fact that animal agriculture makes a 40 percent greater contribution to global warming than all transportation in the world combined. In true modernist style, he also makes use of graphic devices between chapters, printing, for instance, a 67-square-inch rectangle to represent the actual size of the typical cage for egg-laying hens -- and about the same amount of space that most of those who are raised "cage-free" (but still pressed on all sides by thousands of other birds) get, too.  After he sneaks onto an industrial turkey farm with an animal activist known only as "C," Foer allows her to contribute a first-person essay. While she makes some extreme statements, such as "Why doesn't a horny person have as strong a claim to raping an animal as a hungry one does to killing and eating it?," she also has plenty of more reasonable arguments, such as "When we walk around thinking we have a greater right to eat an animal than the animal has a right to live without suffering, it's corrupting." Foer follows C's essay with one by a retired factory farmer, who writes, "High-yield farming has allowed everyone to eat." By allowing these and other voices into the debate, apparently unfiltered, Foer eases up on the diatribe and manages to facilitate something of a conversation.  Ultimately, Foer insists that his is not a call to vegetarianism as much as a call to acknowledge that meat matters. After he has described in brutal detail some of the horrors of industrial slaughterhouses, his visits to heroic farmers such as Frank Reese and Bill Niman demonstrate that the choice doesn't have to be between eating meat and not. So-called compassionate carnivores can choose to seek out meat from family farms that would sooner set their barns on fire than let an animal suffer, although Foer points out that such farms produce less than 1 percent of the animal meat in the country. None of this is simple. Even some of the book's good guys, such as Niman, allow branding, castration and removal of cattle's horn buds with hot irons. Moreover, as Foer was finishing his research, Niman was forced out of the company he founded, saying new owners were more concerned about profits than animal welfare; he publicly proclaimed that he would no longer eat Niman Ranch meat.  Nicolette Hahn Niman, Bill's wife and author of her own 2009 book about livestock farming, "Righteous Porkchop," wrote a recent op-ed piece in the New York Times that didn't directly refer to Foer but seemed tailor-made to answer him. In it, she took issue with "overly simplistic" assertions that meat production is inordinately responsible for global warming and said that small farms that pasture-graze their animals actually minimize greenhouse gases. In a follow-up on the Atlantic Food Channel, she asserted that the best way to make a difference is to support farms that humanely raise animals for food. What she doesn't say in either piece is that she abandoned the consumption, if not the raising, of meat many years ago. Like Foer, she is a vegetarian.  Joe Yonan is the Food and Travel editor of The Post.   © 2009 The Washington Post Company 0
__label__wiki 3299 Iran Chamber Society: Iranian Calendar Converter 382a Home|🔥War On Iran|Art & Culture|History|Iran's Guide|Society Iranian Calendar Converter   Iranian Calendar (Jalali Solar Calendar) The Iranian calendar (also known as Persian calendar, the Jalali Calendar, Hijri Shamsi Calendar) is a solar calendar currently used in Iran and Afghanistan. It is observation-based, rather than rule-based, beginning each year on the vernal equinox as precisely determined by astronomical observations from Tehran. Date: Weekday: To other Calendars   Christian Calendar (Gregorian Solar Calendar) The Gregorian calendar is the calendar that is used nearly everywhere in the world. A modification of the Julian calendar, it was first proposed by the Neapolitan doctor Aloysius Lilius, and was decreed by Pope Gregory XIII, for whom it was named, on 24 February 1582. Date: Weekday: To other Calendars   Islamic Calendar (Hijri Lunar Calendar) The Islamic calendar or Muslim calendar (also called "Hijri calendar") is the calendar used to date events in many predominantly Muslim countries, and used by Muslims everywhere to determine the proper day on which to celebrate Islamic holy days. It is a lunar calendar having 12 lunar months in a year of about 354 days. Because this lunar year is about 11 days shorter than the solar year, such as a year of the Jalali or Gregorian calendar. Date: Weekday: To other Calendars 122c  About usDisclaimer & Copyright Contact Back to Top   0
__label__wiki e72d Caeleb Dressel Joining Sporting Jax Aquatic Club To Train Under Steve Jungbluth   • SwimSwam   • Subscribe to Newsletter   • Advertise   • Email Us   • Submit a Story   • Submit a Job   • Submit a College Recruit   • SwimSwam Store  SwimSwam    • SwimSwam Facebook    • SwimSwam Youtube    • SwimSwam RSS Feed    • SwimSwam Pinterest    • SwimSwam Instagram    • SwimSwam X    • SwimSwam LinkedIn  Subscribe to SwimSwam Magazine Swim Swam   • News      In News      • Swimming World Cup Series     • International Swimming League     • International     • Europe     • Australia     • Britain     • Brazil, Latin America & Caribbean     • Canada     • Asia     • Open Water     • Diving     • Artistic Swimming     • Industry      US News      • High School     • Pro Swim Series     • US National     • Club     • Masters     • Weekly Age Group Wonders     • Arena Swim of the Week      SwimSwam Surge      • 2023 World Championships: Day 1 Finals Live Recap        2023 World Championships: Day 1 Finals Live Recap      • Taylor Ruck Will Not Continue Swimming NCAA, Is “Unsure” If She Will Stay At Stanford        Taylor Ruck Will Not Continue Swimming NCAA, Is “Unsure” If She Will Stay At Stanford      • 2023 World Championships: Day 1 Prelims Live Recap        2023 World Championships: Day 1 Prelims Live Recap      • 2023 World Championships: Day 4 Finals Live Recap        2023 World Championships: Day 4 Finals Live Recap    • Swim Data      SWIM DATA      • SwimmingStats – Data Articles     • Records     • Speedo World Swimming Rankings     • Swimulator     • SwimSwam Results Archive     • Where Gretchen Walsh’s 54.33 Ranks Among the Greatest World Records in Swimming History        Where Gretchen Walsh’s 54.33 Ranks Among the Greatest World Records in Swimming History      • Updated All-Time Team Title and Individual Title Rankings (NCAA Women’s D1 Swimming & Diving)        Updated All-Time Team Title and Individual Title Rankings (NCAA Women’s D1 Swimming & Diving)      • Pitt Women Record Best Finish in Women’s NCAA Swim & Dive History (FULL 48 TEAM SCORING MOVES)        Pitt Women Record Best Finish in Women’s NCAA Swim & Dive History (FULL 48 TEAM SCORING MOVES)      • Breaking Down the Splits on Luka Mijatovic’s History-Making 500 Free        Breaking Down the Splits on Luka Mijatovic’s History-Making 500 Free    • College      In College      • AAC     • ACC     • Big Ten     • Big 12     • Ivy League     • Pac-12     • SEC     • NCAA Division I Mid-Major     • NCAA Division II     • NCAA Division III     • College Recruiting     • 2026 Recruiting Database     • 2027 Recruiting Database     • Commonwealth Swimming’s Imara Rice Sends Verbal To Delaware For Fall 2027        Commonwealth Swimming’s Imara Rice Sends Verbal To Delaware For Fall 2027      • Six-Time South Carolina HS State Champion Peighton Johnson Verbals To New Mexico For Fall 2027        Six-Time South Carolina HS State Champion Peighton Johnson Verbals To New Mexico For Fall 2027      • Pennsylvania High School State Finalist Alyssa Auwarter Sends Verbal To Delaware For Fall 2027        Pennsylvania High School State Finalist Alyssa Auwarter Sends Verbal To Delaware For Fall 2027      • SMU Women’s Swimming And Diving Announces Hiring Of Lisa Ginder As New Assistant Coach        SMU Women’s Swimming And Diving Announces Hiring Of Lisa Ginder As New Assistant Coach      Swim Jobs   • Training      In Training      • At Home Swim Training     • Training Intel     • Swim Camps     • Olivier Leroy     • Swimming Workouts     • Progression Drills     • Drill of the Month     • Coach of the Month     • Learn to Swim     • FINIS Set of the Week     • Sports Science Crash Course     • Gear     • Daily Swim Coach Workout #1118        Daily Swim Coach Workout #1118      • A Powerful Way to Swim “Slow” To Sprint Faster        A Powerful Way to Swim “Slow” To Sprint Faster      • Commit Swimming Elevates Season Planning with Customizable and Dynamic Tools        Commit Swimming Elevates Season Planning with Customizable and Dynamic Tools      • Daily Swim Coach Workout #1117        Daily Swim Coach Workout #1117    • Video      In Video      • Practice + Pancakes     • Gold Medal Minute     • Video Interviews     • Hype Videos     • Race Videos     • Podcasts     • Race of the Week     Gold Medal Minute      Gold Medal Minute      • Podcast: Ryan Lochte Talks Coaching, Gregg Troy, And His Next Chapter In Swimming        Podcast: Ryan Lochte Talks Coaching, Gregg Troy, And His Next Chapter In Swimming      • SwimSwam Podcast: Chris Ballard on Ice Swimming, Cold Water, and The Plunge        SwimSwam Podcast: Chris Ballard on Ice Swimming, Cold Water, and The Plunge      • A3 Performance CEO Dan Meinholz on His TED Talk, Authenticity, and a Life in Swimming        A3 Performance CEO Dan Meinholz on His TED Talk, Authenticity, and a Life in Swimming      • Coach Brian Schrader Does Not Support CSCAA Changes To NCAA DI Swimming and Diving Championships        Coach Brian Schrader Does Not Support CSCAA Changes To NCAA DI Swimming and Diving Championships    • Lifestyle      In Lifestyle      • Photo Fishbowl     • Swim Mom     • Team of the Month     • Hungry Swimmer     • Speedo Pool Together     • SwimSwam Pulse: 69.5% Think Gretchen Walsh Lowers Sjostrom’s 50 Fly World Record This Year        SwimSwam Pulse: 69.5% Think Gretchen Walsh Lowers Sjostrom’s 50 Fly World Record This Year      • How to Get The 2026 SwimSwam Summer Preview Magazine With The Jack Alexy Cover        How to Get The 2026 SwimSwam Summer Preview Magazine With The Jack Alexy Cover      • The Pool        The Pool      • Patrick Sammon, Hubert Kos, and Ilya Kharun Looking To Grow Swimming With A New Audience: Twitch        Patrick Sammon, Hubert Kos, and Ilya Kharun Looking To Grow Swimming With A New Audience: Twitch      SwimSwam Magazine   • WATER POLO      In International/National Team      • United States Wins Women’s Water Polo Division I Tournament        United States Wins Women’s Water Polo Division I Tournament      • Finals Tickets For Swimming at Los Angeles 2028 Games Range From $186-$1,860 Each        Finals Tickets For Swimming at Los Angeles 2028 Games Range From $186-$1,860 Each      • U.S. Men’s Roster Announced For 2026 World Aquatics World Cup Division 1 Tournament        U.S. Men’s Roster Announced For 2026 World Aquatics World Cup Division 1 Tournament      • World Aquatics Launches New 4×4 Water Polo Format, Debuts With Open Championships this September        World Aquatics Launches New 4×4 Water Polo Format, Debuts With Open Championships this September      In NCAA/College      • Cal Women’s Water Polo Adds Spanish Utility Player Julia Frigola Navarro        Cal Women’s Water Polo Adds Spanish Utility Player Julia Frigola Navarro      • Southern California Defeats Cal For 2026 Women’s Water Polo NCAA Title        Southern California Defeats Cal For 2026 Women’s Water Polo NCAA Title      • USC Women’s Water Polo Wins Program’s Eighth NCAA Championship Title        USC Women’s Water Polo Wins Program’s Eighth NCAA Championship Title      • Cal Women’s Water Polo Tallies 15-10 Win Over Hawai’i, Advances To NCAA Semis        Cal Women’s Water Polo Tallies 15-10 Win Over Hawai’i, Advances To NCAA Semis    • More     • Non College     • SwimSwam Surge     • Speedo Rankings     • Records     • Swimmer Bios     • Meet Listing     • Swim Jobs     • Post a Job     • Speedo Time Converter     • Medley Relay Calculator     • Swimulator     • Swimnex™     • SwimSwam Results Archive     • Swimming 101     • Water Polo     • SwimSwam Français     • SwimSwam Español     • SwimSwam Deutsch     • SwimSwam Hindi     • SwimSwam Italia     • SwimSwam Magazine     • Magazine Digital Access     • Submit a Story     • Submit a Press Release     • Contact SwimSwam  Caeleb Dressel Joining Sporting Jax Aquatic Club To Train Under Steve Jungbluth  Comments: 149 Caeleb Dressel Joining Sporting Jax Aquatic Club To Train Under Steve Jungbluth  The nine-time Olympic gold medalist is realigning with coach Steve Jungbluth, who he previously worked with at the University of Florida. Archive photo via Jack Spitser/Spitser Photography  More News  Andy Dobrzanski Swims 1:00.49 in the 100 Breast On Day 2 of Sun Devil Open  Andy Dobrzanski Swims 1:00.49 in the 100 Breast On Day 2 of Sun Devil Open  Andy Dobrzanski, who recently finished his collegiate career at ASU, won the men’s 100 breaststroke on night two, swimming 1:00.49.  Delegación argentina confirmada en natación de los Juegos Sudamericanos Santa Fe 2026  Delegación argentina confirmada en natación de los Juegos Sudamericanos Santa Fe 2026  En septiembre, las pruebas se disputarán en el nuevo Centro Acuático Provincial en la ciudad de Rosario. Todos los detalles.  Justin Shi Wins 200 Free In 1:52.78 On Night 2 Of Richmond Sectionals  Justin Shi Wins 200 Free In 1:52.78 On Night 2 Of Richmond Sectionals  The 16 year old Shi has dropped seven seconds in the 200 free over the last year. He also was 2nd in the 400 IM on Friday night.  2026 CIF State Championships: Finals Live Recap  2026 CIF State Championships: Finals Live Recap  Northwood senior USC commit Andrew Maksymowski is the top seed in the 200 freestyle and 500 freestyle events for today’s finals session.  Enhanced Games Announces Swimming Events and Prize Money Format; Every Competitor Earns Money  Enhanced Games Announces Swimming Events and Prize Money Format; Every Competitor Earns Money  The Enhanced Games has officially announced the event line-ups and prize money format for the competition in Vegas next week.  James Sutherland by James Sutherland 149  October 02nd, 2025 National, News    • Share Caeleb Dressel Joining Sporting Jax Aquatic Club To Train Under Steve Jungbluth on Facebook   • Tweet Caeleb Dressel Joining Sporting Jax Aquatic Club To Train Under Steve Jungbluth   • Submit Caeleb Dressel Joining Sporting Jax Aquatic Club To Train Under Steve Jungbluth to Reddit   • Share Caeleb Dressel Joining Sporting Jax Aquatic Club To Train Under Steve Jungbluth on Pinterest   • Share Caeleb Dressel Joining Sporting Jax Aquatic Club To Train Under Steve Jungbluth on LinkedIn  Caeleb Dressel is changing training bases after all.  The nine-time Olympic gold medalist is joining Sporting Jax Aquatic Club, based out of Jacksonville, and realigning with the team’s head coach, Steve Jungbluth, who he previously worked with at the University of Florida.  Dressel’s move, which the club recently announced to Sporting Jax Aquatic Club families, comes after there was speculation of a potential move when he was seen training at Aquatic Sports Performance in California last week. He then put up a cryptic Instagram post acknowledging his time as a Florida Gator, fuelling more speculation that he was moving on from his longtime training base in Gainesville.     View this post on Instagram     A post shared by Caeleb Dressel (@caelebdressel)  However, in an Instagram Story earlier this week, he said he was “not moving or retiring.”  Jungbluth was hired at the University of Florida in 2010 and worked there for a dozen years before the two parted ways in October 2022.  During that stint, Dressel joined the Gators as a freshman during the 2014-15 NCAA season and went on to have a historic collegiate career while working with Jungbluth, who was Florida’s sprint coach during his first eight years with the program (through 2018).  After winning the NCAA title in the men’s 50 freestyle as a freshman in 2015, Dressel won the 50 and 100 free as a sophomore, and then swept the 50 free, 100 free and 100 fly in back-to-back seasons in 2017 and 2018. His historic senior year in 2018 included setting new NCAA, American and U.S. Open Records in the 50 free (17.63), 100 free (39.90) and 100 fly (42.80), with the 50 and 100 fly swims still standing as the fastest in history (and the 100 free is still the American Record).  After Dressel’s collegiate career concluded, University of Florida head coach Gregg Troy retired from college coaching and shifted into working as a High Performance Coach at Gator Swim Club, working with Dressel and other pros in the lead-up to the Tokyo Olympics.  Dressel, who won two Olympic relay gold medals in 2016 and followed up with seven world titles in 2017, had a dominant run working under Troy in his first few years out of college, winning six gold and two silver medals at the 2019 World Championships in Gwangju and then claiming six gold medals at the Tokyo Olympic Games in 2021.  A few months after that Olympic success, in November 2021, Dressel announced he was moving on from Troy and returning to the University of Florida to train under Anthony Nesty, who took over as Gator head coach when Troy retired.  In 2022, Dressel won World Championship gold medals in the men’s 50 fly and 4×100 free relay before leaving the competition early for what he later revealed to be mental health reasons.  Dressel then took a lengthy break away from the pool, resurfacing in May 2023 at the Atlanta Classic, and then he competed at the U.S. National Championships later that summer by missed out on making the World Championship team.  In 2024, Dressel successfully made his third straight U.S. Olympic team, winning the men’s 50 free (21.41) and 100 fly (50.19) at the 2024 Olympic Trials while also bagging a spot on the 4×100 free relay after taking 3rd in the 100 free (47.53), with all of those swims marking his fastest since 2022.  At the Paris Olympics, Dressel placed 6th in the 50 free and 13th in the 100 fly individually, but added to his Olympic medal haul with a pair of golds in the men’s 4×100 free and the mixed 4×100 medley, along with a silver in the men’s 4×100 medley.  He’s only raced a handful of times since those Games, opting not to vie for a spot on the 2025 U.S. World Championship team and forgoing U.S. Nationals in early June. He did, however, race at the U.S. Summer Championships in early August, placing 2nd in the 50 fly (23.28) and 3rd in the 50 free (21.94). His swim in the 50 fly narrowly missed out on earning him a spot on the 2026 Pan Pacific Championship roster.  Now, the 29-year-old heads to Sporting Jax Aquatic Club, where Jungbluth is the Director of Competitive Swimming. The club has four locations in the Jacksonville area. Jacksonville is about a 75-minute drive away from Gainesville.  « Gretchen Walsh, Leon Marchand Among Entrants For Opening Leg of 2025 World Cup In Carmel 48.6/1:49.6 Butterfly Specialist Jack Tarte Announces Commitment To William & Mary »  In This Story    • Caeleb Dressel     Caeleb Dressel  149 Leave a Reply  Subscribe Notify of  149 Comments newest oldest most voted Inline Feedbacks View all comments NoFastTwitch 7 months ago  Blah, blah, blah  2 -5 Reply Aquajosh 7 months ago  He has a gym with all the weights at his farm in Micanopy and he already has the base built, so all he really needs is a few days a week of water time, and he doesn’t even have to go all the way into Jax. He can take the 301 to the 228 and Steve can meet him at the Cecil Aquatics Center from Micanopy in an hour without ever really getting into town. Some commutes just across Jacksonville (the largest city in land area in the lower 48 states) take longer than that.  This pretty much cements the move into the 50s.  7 0 Reply Mcevoysmate Reply to  Aquajosh 7 months ago  Dressel not Cecil  0 -1 Reply The world at his feet 7 months ago  “I look at other animals on videos; penguins, and seals, and sharks, and whatnot. It’s almost as if [Dressel] is starting to push and escape the limitations that we have as humans in the water.” -Jungbluth, 2018  Personally, I’m stoked for them to run it back.  18 0 Reply Braden Keith Admin Reply to  The world at his feet 7 months ago  What I think will be really interesting will be running it back fully outside of the bounds of the traditional high volume environment.  15 0 Reply Frank 7 months ago  Way too much reading into this. Dressel’s just announcing he’s getting braces again because he forgot to wear his retainer.  10 -1 Reply ElvisVB Reply to  Frank 7 months ago  he has veneers now so no need  1 -1 Reply SWIM COACH 7 months ago  Why does anyone give 2 $hit$ where he trains?  Caleb is a grown man, professional athlete, champion. Let him do his thing and enjoy the ride. Some commenters are just a$$hole$.  33 -12 Reply JimSwim22 Reply to  SWIM COACH 7 months ago  Did anyone need to care where Russell Wilson is QB? No, but the sporting public does  5 -7 Reply NoFastTwitch Reply to  JimSwim22 7 months ago  Do they? Maybe somewhere on the list between who’s QB of the Toronto Argonauts and where’s Waldo  0 -3 Reply This Guy Reply to  SWIM COACH 7 months ago  To be fair, he brought this on himself in this instance  8 0 Reply jmslim 7 months ago  Everyone’s freaking out: ‘How’s Dressel gonna handle that commute?!’ Come on. He’s that kind of athlete – coaches go to him. Do you really think he’s going to drive 2 hours (4 round-trip) and sacrifice prime family time – the thing he cares about most? Odds are, there’s water between Point A and Point B.  6 -6 Reply Mr.Mister Reply to  jmslim 7 months ago  All the waters between point A and B have alligators in it (the animal, not UF swimmers). I am sure they have that figured out.  12 0 Reply samulih 7 months ago  and they say there is cancel culture in USA, just like coach can whitewash himself with few years in the lower levels  6 -1 Reply BOBFROMTHEISLAND 7 months ago  Reading the comments and wow. Dressel really went from being everyone’s favorite to the most hated.  He said it a long time ago, being miserable made him great.The constant chase for perfection despite achieving such great things in the pool.  He never had the balance between pool and life outside, maybe he can finally be really fast and happy at the same time with this move. Time will tell.  37 -2 Reply This Guy Reply to  BOBFROMTHEISLAND 7 months ago  I don’t take the comments as actual hate, it’s just a lot of frustration due to Dressel just never being honest. Fans don’t expect perfection but do look for openness from their hero’s. Look back on any pro athlete in other sports who handled themselves in a similar manner, they typically burn their fans patience because fans want accessibility. It’s just a human characteristic of wanting to relate to another human that they admire.  26 -3 Reply Swimmingly Dory Reply to  This Guy 7 months ago  Yeah.  I don’t get it why he can’t just be straight talking instead of creating unnecessary drama.  He should learn from swimmers like Regan Smith, Kaylee McKeown, Kyle Chalmers.  Last edited 7 months ago by Swimmingly Dory 12 -10 Reply Troyy Reply to  Swimmingly Dory 7 months ago  I always thought Chalmers is a bit of a drama queen 😅  14 -7 Reply This Guy Reply to  Troyy 7 months ago  Oh absolutely!  3 -1 Reply JJjjjjjjj Reply to  Swimmingly Dory 7 months ago  Cause he is a few years out of being Joe Exotic  0 0 Reply  About James Sutherland  James Sutherland  James swam five years at Laurentian University in Sudbury, Ontario, specializing in the 200 free, back and IM. He finished up his collegiate swimming career in 2018, graduating with a bachelor's degree in economics. In 2019 he completed his graduate degree in sports journalism. Prior to going to Laurentian, James swam …  Read More »  More from James Sutherland See All    • Spectrum Aquatics Weekly Wonders of Age Group Swimming: 5/16/2026   • SwimSwam Pulse: 69.5% Think Gretchen Walsh Lowers Sjostrom’s 50 Fly World Record This Year   • 40-Year-Old Nadine Loof Shatters Masters SCM 50 Free WR In 24.61 Following McEvoy Training Program   • arena Swim of the Week: Samuel Yalimaiwai Breaks Fijian, Oceanian Championship 50 Breast Records   • Keller ISD Natatorium Closes Indefinitely Due To Maintenance Issues  Don't want to miss anything?  Subscribe to our newsletter and receive our latest updates!  Want to take your swimfandom to the next level?  Subscribe to SwimSwam Magazine!  Subscribe  Contributors    • Coleman Hodges   • Giusy Cisale   • Riley Overend   • Olivier Poirier-Leroy   • Rich Roll   • Jack Spitser   • James Sutherland   • Aglaia Pezzato   • Nicole Miller   • Annika Johnson   • Dean Ottati   • Yanyan Li   • Tim Binning       • Spencer Penland   • Anne Lepesant   • Retta Race   • Robert Gibbs   • Sanuj Srivastava   • Rafael Domeyko   • Jared Anderson   • Mike Lewis  Founders    • Braden Keith   • Tiffany Stewart   • Gold Medal Mel Stewart   • Garrett McCaffrey  Contact Us    • Advertise   • Email Us   • Submit a Story   • Submit a Job   • Submit a College Recruit SwimOutlet Anti Bratter  © 2026 Swim Swam Partners, LLC. All rights reserved.  FTC Disclaimer | Terms of Use & Privacy Policy |  wpDiscuz 0
ssary drama.  He should learn from swimmers like Regan Smith, Kaylee McKeown, Kyle Chalmers.  Last edited 7 months ago by Swimmingly Dory 12 -10 Reply Troyy Reply to  Swimmingly Dory 7 months ago  I always thought Chalmers is a bit of a drama queen 😅  14 -7 Reply This Guy Reply to  Troyy 7 months ago  Oh absolutely!  3 -1 Reply JJjjjjjjj Reply to  Swimmingly Dory 7 months ago  Cause he is a few years out of being Joe Exotic  0 0 Reply  About James Sutherland  James Sutherland  James swam five years at Laurentian University in Sudbury, Ontario, specializing in the 200 free, back and IM. He finished up his collegiate swimming career in 2018, graduating with a bachelor's degree in economics. In 2019 he completed his graduate degree in sports journalism. Prior to going to Laurentian, James swam …  Read More »  More from James Sutherland See All    • Spectrum Aquatics Weekly Wonders of Age Group Swimming: 5/16/2026   • SwimSwam Pulse: 69.5% Think Gretchen Walsh Lowers Sjostrom’s 50 Fly World Record This Year   • 40-Year-Old Nadine Loof Shatters Masters SCM 50 Free WR In 24.61 Following McEvoy Training Program   • arena Swim of the Week: Samuel Yalimaiwai Breaks Fijian, Oceanian Championship 50 Breast Records   • Keller ISD Natatorium Closes Indefinitely Due To Maintenance Issues  Don't want to miss anything?  Subscribe to our newsletter and receive our latest updates!  Want to take your swimfandom to the next level?  Subscribe to SwimSwam Magazine!  Subscribe  Contributors    • Coleman Hodges   • Giusy Cisale   • Riley Overend   • Olivier Poirier-Leroy   • Rich Roll   • Jack Spitser   • James Sutherland   • Aglaia Pezzato   • Nicole Miller   • Annika Johnson   • Dean Ottati   • Yanyan Li   • Tim Binning       • Spencer Penland   • Anne Lepesant   • Retta Race   • Robert Gibbs   • Sanuj Srivastava   • Rafael Domeyko   • Jared Anderson   • Mike Lewis  Founders    • Braden Keith   • Tiffany Stewart   • Gold Medal Mel Stewart   • Garrett McCaffrey  Contact Us    • Advertise   • Email Us   • Submit a Story   • Submit a Job   • Submit a College Recruit SwimOutlet Anti Bratter  © 2026 Swim Swam Partners, LLC. All rights reserved.  FTC Disclaimer | Terms of Use & Privacy Policy |  wpDiscuz 0
__label__wiki 155a Attention Required! | Cloudflare Please enable cookies.  Sorry, you have been blocked  You are unable to access cpaontario.ca  Why have I been blocked?  This website is using a security service to protect itself from online attacks. The action you just performed triggered the security solution. There are several actions that could trigger this block including submitting a certain word or phrase, a SQL command or malformed data.  What can I do to resolve this?  You can email the site owner to let them know you were blocked. Please include what you were doing when this page came up and the Cloudflare Ray ID found at the bottom of this page.  Cloudflare Ray ID: 9fd093394fe7d8c0 • Your IP: 20.45.39.144 • Performance & security by Cloudflare  0
__label__wiki Skip to content Watch Live British Broadcasting Corporation   • Home   • News   • Sport   • Business   • Technology   • Health   • Culture   • Arts   • Travel   • Earth   • Audio   • Video   • Live   • Documentaries Watch Live  Pollok Park memorial to remember lives lost to Covid  27 May 2022 Scotland's Covid memorial installed in Pollok Park  A memorial paying tribute to those who have lost their lives to Covid-19 has been unveiled at a Glasgow park.  I remember: Scotland's Covid Memorial was designed by artist and poet Alec Finlay and is a series of tree supports throughout Pollok Park which naturally form a walk.  The £250,000 memorial was created following a campaign by The Herald.  It received £40,000 from the Scottish government as well as donations from businesses, groups and individuals.  A total of 15 structures, which also recognise all those affected by the pandemic, were unveiled on Friday but there are expected to be 40 throughout the park by next March.  Alec Finlay Artist Alec Finlay says there will be 40 supports in the park by next March  Mr Finlay told BBC Scotland: "When I was commissioned to make the memorial the first thing that came into my mind was a word - support. I felt that during those early months of the pandemic there had been a very profound moment in society where people had offered one another support in a way that had maybe been hidden for a long time.  "I took that idea of the support and I thought about tree supports. We took photographs of bereaved families, or people with long Covid, in a pose of support with a tree. And they became the artworks. So rather than making the memorial myself I really made it with people who had been affected by the pandemic."  Mr Finlay, who himself has long Covid, said that by the Day of Remembrance next March there would be 40 structures.  "We deliberately chose to make the whole park the memorial rather than a small garden," he said.  Gordon Terris/Herald and Times Tree supportGordon Terris/Herald and Times The memorial is made up of a number of tree supports Gordon Terris/Herald and Times Families at ceremonyGordon Terris/Herald and Times A number of people who lost loved ones to Covid attended the ceremony in Pollok Park  Carolyn Murdoch, a member of the Covid-19 support group whose 104-year-old father died in April 2020, said: "It's somewhere to focus and meet other people as well. We've made good friends who understand what we've been through.  "Obviously what happened when you lost someone at that time, with funerals etc, it was very surreal. This is somewhere we can now go together and walk through - it's nice.  "My dad would probably say 'oh for goodness sake, all this fuss' but he would love it because he did love to be in the limelight.  "I've been here a few times. You know it's special to you."  Carolyn Murdoch Carolyn Murdoch said she had made friends who understood what she had been through  Connie McCready's 51-year-old fiancé died in May 2020 after 35 days in hospital. He was put on a ventilator the day after arriving in hospital.  Speaking about the memorial, she said: "This isn't just for families with Covid. This is for everyone that's been affected throughout the pandemic. It's somewhere for people to come and find solace."  An audio book of people's memories has also been created, read by Scottish actor Robert Carlyle.  Deputy First Minister John Swinney attended the unveiling on behalf of First Minister Nicola Sturgeon who currently has Covid.  Mr Swinney said: "The wooden structures Alec has created are there to epitomise solidarity and support.  "But the fact that that solidarity and support has been established here in the beautiful tranquillity of Pollok Park is another essential part of our remembrance about Covid. Because our parks, our green spaces, our natural environment, became so precious to all of us during Covid.  "They gave us a place in which we could breathe fresh air and a place where we could be at peace. I hope this memorial becomes a place of peace where individuals can try to come to terms with their loss in the most beautiful and tranquil surroundings."  Scotland sees slight increase in Covid cases  Nicola Sturgeon tests positive for Covid-19  Covid in Scotland: The latest cases  Self-isolation replaced by stay at home message  One in four Covid patients in ICU because of virus  How well have Scotland and the UK coped with Covid?  Covid pressure on hospitals 'as serious as it gets'  Glasgow Coronavirus Related  Riot police deal with 'serious disorder' as Celtic fans celebrate Premiership title win  Swatch shuts stores after crowds queue for new watch  Police criticise Celtic over failure to plan title party for fans  More from the BBC 22 Apr 2026 A head and shoulder shot of a man standing outside with a building and the back of a red and yellow fire engine behind him. He has a bald head and facial hair and is looking into the camera. He's wearing a grey suit over a white shirt, and is wearing a grey tie.  Officials defend resilience amid shortage fears  It follows questions from a military strategist and a scrutiny panel over the island's preparedness.  22 Apr 2026 20 Apr 2026 Kam Miller and Neil Miller. Neil is wearing a shirt and tie and has short hair. While Kam is wearing jewellery and has long brown hair.  Widow welcomes Covid-19 vaccine compensation report  Neil Miller died after having a "rare reaction" to the Covid-19 vaccine in 2021.  20 Apr 2026 19 Apr 2026 An aerial view of Victoria Avenue - a view of homes and streets along Jersey’s coastline, with a curved beach and coastal road beside the sea.  More emergency exercises called for by committee  A committee says the government needs to do more emergency exercises to ensure the island is safe.  19 Apr 2026 16 Apr 2026 A nurse draws up a dose of vaccine into a syringe  Rollout of Covid vaccines extraordinary feat - inquiry report  Covid vaccines saved hundreds of thousands of lives, but a small minority harmed need better support, says report.  16 Apr 2026 16 Apr 2026 A NHS vaccinator draws the Pfizer COVID-19 second booster jab (fourth dose) to be administered to a woman, at a vaccination centre in London. Older adults have been invited for a fourth Covid-19 dose as part of the spring Covid-19 booster campaign in 2022  Vaccines a huge success, but public trust must be earned - key findings from Covid report  Immunisation saved hundreds of thousands of UK lives, but vaccine hesitancy remains an issue.  16 Apr 2026 British Broadcasting Corporation   • Home   • News   • Sport   • Business   • Technology   • Health   • Culture   • Arts   • Travel   • Earth   • Audio   • Video   • Live   • Documentaries   • Weather   • BBC Shop   • BritBox  The BBC is in multiple languages  Read the BBC In your own language  Oduu Afaan Oromootiin Amharic ዜና በአማርኛ Arabic عربي Azeri AZƏRBAYCAN Bangla বাংলা Burmese မြန်မာ Chinese 中文网 Dari دری French AFRIQUE Hausa HAUSA Hindi हिन्दी Gaelic NAIDHEACHDAN Gujarati ગુજરાતીમાં સમાચાર Igbo AKỤKỌ N’IGBO Indonesian INDONESIA Japanese 日本語 Kinyarwanda GAHUZA Kirundi KIRUNDI Korean 한국어 Kyrgyz Кыргыз Marathi मराठी Nepali नेपाली Noticias para hispanoparlantes Pashto پښتو Persian فارسی Pidgin Polish PO POLSKU Portuguese BRASIL Punjabi ਪੰਜਾਬੀ ਖ਼ਬਰਾਂ Russian НА РУССКОМ Serbian NA SRPSKOM Sinhala සිංහල Somali SOMALI Swahili HABARI KWA KISWAHILI Tamil தமிழில் செய்திகள் Telugu తెలుగు వార్తలు Thai ข่าวภาษาไทย Tigrinya ዜና ብትግርኛ Turkish TÜRKÇE Ukrainian УКРАЇНСЬКA Urdu اردو Uzbek O'ZBEK Vietnamese TIẾNG VIỆT Welsh NEWYDDION Yoruba ÌRÒYÌN NÍ YORÙBÁ Follow BBC on:   • Terms of Use   • Subscription Terms   • About the BBC   • Privacy Policy   • Cookies   • Accessibility Help   • Contact the BBC   • Advertise with us   • Do not share or sell my info   • BBC.com Help & FAQs   • Content Index   • Set Preferred Source  Copyright 2026 BBC. All rights reserved. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.   
__label__wiki 000095D3 Error 404 - The official website for European football | UEFA.com UEFA.COM UEFA.com works better on other browsers For the best possible experience, we recommend using Chrome, Firefox or Microsoft Edge. Skip to main content Home  Sorry!  That page doesn't exist... Please head back to the UEFA.com homepage.    • About   • National associations   • Running competitions   • Development   • Sustainability   • News & media  Explore    • UEFA.tv   • Match calendar   • Rankings   • Tickets/Hospitality   • UEFA National Team Football store   • UEFA Men’s Club Competitions store   • UEFA Men's Club Competitions Memorabilia  More    • MyUEFA   • UC3 Change language English Français Deutsch Русский Español Italiano Português  Social and apps links  Follow us on  Services links and disclaimer    • Terms and conditions   • Privacy Policies   • Cookie policy   • Privacy settings  © 1998-2026 UEFA. All rights reserved  The UEFA word, the UEFA logo and all marks related to UEFA competitions, are protected by trademarks and/or copyright of UEFA. No use for commercial purposes may be made of such trademarks. Use of UEFA.com signifies your agreement to the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy.  Top 00000000
__label__wiki f51f  fresh no ads Brotherhood of the wolves | Philstar.com philstar   • Philstar.com     • HOME     • Headlines     • Opinion     • Nation     • World     • Business     • Sports     • Entertainment     • Lifestyle     • Events     • Other Sections   • The Philippine Star   • Pilipino Star Ngayon     • HOME     • Bansa     • Metro     • Probinsiya     • Opinyon     • Palaro     • Showbiz     • True Confessions     • Dr. Love     • Litra-talk     • Kutob     • Komiks   • The Freeman     • HOME     • Cebu News     • Opinion     • Metro Cebu     • Region     • Cebu Business     • Cebu Sports     • Cebu Lifestyle     • Cebu Entertainment   • Pang-Masa     • HOME     • Police Metro     • Punto Mo     • Pang Movies     • PM Sports     • Para Manalo     • Para Malibang   • Banat     • HOME     • Balita     • Opinyon     • Kalingawan     • Showbiz     • Palaro     • Imong Kapalaran     • Punsoy   • Interaksyon     • HOME     • Trends + Spotlights     • Politics + Issues     • Celebrities     • Hobbies + Interests     • Rumor Cop   • MISS UNIVERSE PHILIPPINES 2026   • BUDHI   • THE FILIPINO SPOTLIGHT   • PINOY POP   • EVENTS AND HAPPENINGS   • ARTS AND CULTURE   • THE BUDGETARIAN   • BUSINESS LIFE   • FASHION AND BEAUTY   • FOOD   • HEALTH AND FAMILY   • ON THE RADAR   • PETS   • TRAVEL   • SHOPPING   • MODERN LIVING   • GADGETS SUPPORT PHILSTAR About Us | Contact Us | Advertise | Privacy Policy | Member Agreement | Copyright Notice Copyright © 2026. Philstar Global Corp. All Rights Reserved   • My Profile   • Sign Out Subscribe | | Subscribe   • HOME   • HEADLINES   • OPINION   • NATION   • WORLD   • BUSINESS   • SPORTS   • ENTERTAINMENT   • LIFESTYLE   • EVENTS   • COUPONS   • OTHER SECTIONS X MISS UNIVERSE PHILIPPINES 2026 BUDHI THE FILIPINO SPOTLIGHT PINOY POP EVENTS AND HAPPENINGS ^ lifestyle_logo   • fb   • x   • ig   • 15483 viber   • tiktok   • threads   • youtube   • ARTS AND CULTURE   • THE BUDGETARIAN   • BUSINESS LIFE   • FASHION AND BEAUTY   • FOOD   • HEALTH AND FAMILY   • ON THE RADAR   • PETS   • TRAVEL   • SHOPPING   • MODERN LIVING   • GADGETS  Young Star  Brotherhood of the wolves  PENNYLANE - Rebecca C. Rodriguez - December 5, 2008 | 12:00am  Back in the Nineties, the guys from Wolfgang — vocalist Basti Artadi, drummer Wolf Gemora, guitarist Manuel Legarda and bassist Mon Legaspi — stormed the heavy metal and hard rock scene. Influenced by Iron Maiden, Megadeth, Led Zeppelin, Black Sabbath and Metallica, their self-titled album in ’95 produced classic hits like Halik ni Hudas, Natutulog Kong Mundo, Arise and my ultimate fave Darkness Fell.  I even remember the first time I watched the band in Sanctuario San Antonio Plaza. Yeah, I was only 13 but Basti then in a white shirt and jeans, shoulder-length curls almost like the locks of the Golden God, perfectly channeled Axl Rose’s high-pitched screech in the band’s rendition of GNR’s Welcome to the Jungle, which brought down to my sha na na na na na na knees.  From the original lineup — now without drummer Wolf Gemora (admittedly their still friends and, fingers crossed, that their paths will meet again) — Wolfgang is back with their sixth studio album. Expect “Villains” to be loaded with precision riffs, emphatic beats, power-drenched vocals, colorful licks, driving ostinatos, occasionally jazz-styled basslines and imaginative breaks merge with razor-sharp interplay in Wolfgang’s unique style of American-influenced hard rock, heavy metal, grunge and blues-rock.   Thanks to Lizza Nakpil, The STAR got to interview Basti about their latest album and the concert, with Francis Aquino joining the threesome.  The Philippine STAR: It’s been six years after Black Mantra, what is the concept behind Villains album?    Basti Artadi: There really isn’t a concept behind “Villains.” These are all a collection of songs Manuel and myself wrote over the period of a year. It just so happens that the songs seem to be connected by an underlying theme, which is villains or bad guys in some form or another.  All this happened subconsciously, it wasn’t something we were trying to target.  All three members are in different parts of the world, how did you work together for the new album?   All online. It was actually very easy using this process because we were doing everything at our own pace — we weren’t racing to meet any deadlines and a song would be finished when we decided that it was done and we were happy with the end result.  How did the title “Villains” come about?    I was writing or fixing some lyrics for the song John of the Cross and it just came to me as I was writing a line in the song that goes “and the villains win” I was like, “Villains,” yes! I suggested the title to the guys and they all liked it, so that was that. Later, I noticed that the name started with “VI” and it being our sixth album, just added gravy on top.  Not much people know you’re an artist, can you tell me something about the album art?    Well, originally the cover was actually different. It was a painting I did to mesh all our influences throughout the years, sort of a historical collage in oil, but it didn’t go over too well with the guys so I placed it in the inside of the album where I think it fits better nga. The cover was just something I was sitting on, it was an image of a skull that I had made into a vector image, I liked the way it looked and when I showed it to the guys they all liked it so that’s how it became our cover. I think painting is a soothing experience. That’s why I do it, not for the whole artist thing. It’s very therapeutic because when you are painting, you are just in that moment of you and the paint and pushing the paint to get some reaction in yourself. There is nothing else in that moment except you and what you are doing.  What was the recording process like for the album?   Recording was a breeze. I’m speaking of the vocals, because we had already worked everything out online and knew what we were going to be doing. I tracked in the States and sent the files to Manuel. He suggested I find time to do additional tracking back home, which I was able to do.  What bands did you listen to, get inspiration from?  Metal!!! Lots of metal. Old Priest and Metallica, Death Angel, Maiden, Slayer and new and old Anthrax, Testament, Children of Bodom, Zep….  Describe the chemistry/friendship you have with Mon and Manuel?   I think we have changed a bit from the older days. Before, it was more of a working relationship where we would just get together for the gig and then go do our own thing. Now we hang out together more because of friends and family.  How did Wolfgang get involved in making the theme song for the Level Up online game Rising Force?   Patrick Pulumbarit was working for Level Up at the time and they asked him if we wanted to do a song. They suggested we pick a race and go to town but we were like, why pick one? Let’s do a general one that kinda sums up the whole thing. I think it fits perfectly.  Since your semi-reunion from “Alive 2006” last year without Wolf, what are your plans after “Black Christmas Project”?  Right now, I’m just focusing on the show. Everything is still up in the air for me.  In 2006, you said goodbye to music. After studying and working in the US, what convinced you to come back to rock ‘n’ roll?    Manuel, RP Deathsquad and the “Alive” shows. I really wasn’t enjoying it anymore in LA — it became work and wasn’t fun, so I said to hell with it. After writing that new song (RP Deathsquad) with Manuel and playing the shows with Razorback, it all came back to me why I had done it for so long.  How did you evolve as a musician from your De La Salle Zobel-Welcome to the Jungle singing days to “Villains” now?   I think my singing got better. I actually auditioned for Razorback before and I sucked so bad they gave the job to Cuervo, which I think was a good choice in the end. I can also say I’m more open to other stuff, back in the day it was all-hard and nothing else.  * * *  Wolfgang’s “Villains” album will be released this month. The “Black Christmas Project” concert will be held on Dec. 10, 7 p.m. at the Eastwood City Central Plaza, Libis, near Ortigas Ave. A second date has been added on Dec. 12, at the UP Cebu grounds, Cebu City. For tickets, call Ticketnet at 911-5555 or visit www.ticketnet.com.ph.     ALBUM  BASTI ARTADI  BLACK CHRISTMAS PROJECT  LEVEL UP  MANUEL  VILLAINS  WOLFGANG BrandSpace Articles SMDC Malls & Retail Strips: Your local guide to a sizzling summer  SMDC Malls & Retail Strips: Your local guide to a sizzling summer 'Star Wars Most Wanted' pop-up lands at SM North EDSA  'Star Wars Most Wanted' pop-up lands at SM North EDSA SM Supermalls launches Sustainability Digest  SM Supermalls launches Sustainability Digest Spaces with purpose: Behind meaningful experiences at Filinvest  Spaces with purpose: Behind meaningful experiences at Filinvest Watsons celebrates 185 years with its biggest Nationwide Sale yet this May 14â��18  Watsons celebrates 185 years with its biggest Nationwide Sale yet this May 14–18 Panasonic Run 2026 champions wellness, innovation and the future of movement  Panasonic Run 2026 champions wellness, innovation and the future of movement AIA Philippines: As health risks evolve, protection needs to go further  AIA Philippines: As health risks evolve, protection needs to go further First Panasonic Run to celebrate wellness, discipline and true Japanese excellence  First Panasonic Run to celebrate wellness, discipline and true Japanese excellence Bamboo goes mainstream: BASE highlights sustainable innovations at Worldbex 2026  Bamboo goes mainstream: BASE highlights sustainable innovations at Worldbex 2026 Beauty reborn with Belo  Beauty reborn with Belo < > More in Young Star  Cyberzone unites gamers and creators  OK Are you sure you want to log out? Yes No X Login  Philstar.com is one of the most vibrant, opinionated, discerning communities of readers on cyberspace. With your meaningful insights, help shape the stories that can shape the country. Sign up now!  Get Updated:  Signup for the News Round now  E-mail Address: Password FORGOT PASSWORD? SIGN IN or sign in with New user? CLICK HERE TO REGISTER This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. 0
asn’t enjoying it anymore in LA — it became work and wasn’t fun, so I said to hell with it. After writing that new song (RP Deathsquad) with Manuel and playing the shows with Razorback, it all came back to me why I had done it for so long.  How did you evolve as a musician from your De La Salle Zobel-Welcome to the Jungle singing days to “Villains” now?   I think my singing got better. I actually auditioned for Razorback before and I sucked so bad they gave the job to Cuervo, which I think was a good choice in the end. I can also say I’m more open to other stuff, back in the day it was all-hard and nothing else.  * * *  Wolfgang’s “Villains” album will be released this month. The “Black Christmas Project” concert will be held on Dec. 10, 7 p.m. at the Eastwood City Central Plaza, Libis, near Ortigas Ave. A second date has been added on Dec. 12, at the UP Cebu grounds, Cebu City. For tickets, call Ticketnet at 911-5555 or visit www.ticketnet.com.ph.     ALBUM  BASTI ARTADI  BLACK CHRISTMAS PROJECT  LEVEL UP  MANUEL  VILLAINS  WOLFGANG BrandSpace Articles SMDC Malls & Retail Strips: Your local guide to a sizzling summer  SMDC Malls & Retail Strips: Your local guide to a sizzling summer 'Star Wars Most Wanted' pop-up lands at SM North EDSA  'Star Wars Most Wanted' pop-up lands at SM North EDSA SM Supermalls launches Sustainability Digest  SM Supermalls launches Sustainability Digest Spaces with purpose: Behind meaningful experiences at Filinvest  Spaces with purpose: Behind meaningful experiences at Filinvest Watsons celebrates 185 years with its biggest Nationwide Sale yet this May 14â��18  Watsons celebrates 185 years with its biggest Nationwide Sale yet this May 14–18 Panasonic Run 2026 champions wellness, innovation and the future of movement  Panasonic Run 2026 champions wellness, innovation and the future of movement AIA Philippines: As health risks evolve, protection needs to go further  AIA Philippines: As health risks evolve, protection needs to go further First Panasonic Run to celebrate wellness, discipline and true Japanese excellence  First Panasonic Run to celebrate wellness, discipline and true Japanese excellence Bamboo goes mainstream: BASE highlights sustainable innovations at Worldbex 2026  Bamboo goes mainstream: BASE highlights sustainable innovations at Worldbex 2026 Beauty reborn with Belo  Beauty reborn with Belo < > More in Young Star  Cyberzone unites gamers and creators  OK Are you sure you want to log out? Yes No X Login  Philstar.com is one of the most vibrant, opinionated, discerning communities of readers on cyberspace. With your meaningful insights, help shape the stories that can shape the country. Sign up now!  Get Updated:  Signup for the News Round now  E-mail Address: Password FORGOT PASSWORD? SIGN IN or sign in with New user? CLICK HERE TO REGISTER This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. 0
__label__wiki 0000B728 Masters set for another earlier-than-usual finish - Golf Channel   • GN_Primary_Logo_RGB_Full_Color.png   • GP_Primary_Logo_RGB_Full_Color.png   • GNC_Secondary_Horiz_Logo_RGB_Full_Color.png Skip navigation gc_rgb_horizontal_logo_reverse_dark_bg.png   • SCORES     SCORES     PGA Championship     Kroger Queen City Championship     Colonial Life Charity Classic     Amundi German Masters   • SCHEDULES     00004000     SCHEDULES     PGA TOUR     LPGA     DP World Tour     Korn Ferry Tour     PGA Tour Champions   • PGA CHAMPIONSHIP   • NEWS   • VIDEOS   • WATCH     WATCH     Golf Channel LIVE     Golf Channel Schedule     Tournaments and Streams   • PODCASTS     PODCASTS     Golf Channel Podcast with Rex & Lav     College Golf Talk     Golf Today   • PGA TOUR   • LPGA Tour   • DP World Tour   • Korn Ferry Tour   • PGA Tour Champions   • NCAA gc_rgb_horizontal_logo_reverse_dark_bg.png   • SCORES     • 00004000 PGA Championship     • Kroger Queen City Championship     • Colonial Life Charity Classic     • Amundi German Masters   • SCHEDULES     • PGA TOUR     • LPGA     • DP World Tour     • Korn Ferry Tour     • PGA Tour Champions   • PGA CHAMPIONSHIP   • NEWS   • VIDEOS   • WATCH     • Golf Channel LIVE     • Golf Channel Schedule     • Tournaments and Streams   • PODCASTS     • Golf Channel Podcast with Rex & Lav     • College Golf Talk     • Golf Today     • PGA TOUR     • LPGA Tour     • DP World Tour     • Korn Ferry Tour     • PGA Tour Champions     • NCAA Favorites Sign up to follow your favorites on all your devices. Sign up  Masters set for another earlier-than-usual finish    • By   • Ryan Lavner,   • By   • Ryan Lavner    Published September 9, 2020 12:37 PM   • Facebook   • Twitter   • Email Thumbnail  The third and final rounds of the Masters will end earlier than usual.  In a conference call with reporters Tuesday, CBS Sports chairman Sean McManus said the plan is for the final round of the Masters, rescheduled for Nov. 15, to end sometime between 2 p.m. and 2:45 p.m. ET, more than an hour before the network’s afternoon NFL games. That’ll also allow for more flexibility in case there’s a sudden-death playoff.  The third round of the Masters should finish around 5:30 p.m., before the network’s primetime college football game between Alabama and LSU. Sunset in Augusta, Georgia, on Nov. 14 is at 5:26 p.m.  It’ll be the second year in a row that the Masters has an early Sunday finish. Last year, in an unprecedented move, Augusta National officials decided to send players off early in threesomes and split tees because of a dicey weather forecast. Tiger Woods won the green jacket at around 2:30 p.m.  golf-channel-podcast-with-rex-lav-logo16x9.jpg Golf Channel Podcast with Rex & Lav GolfChannel.com senior writers Rex Hoggard and Ryan Lavner discuss and debate the latest news from the PGA Tour, DP World Tour, LPGA, and more. Catch their latest podcast episode now! RELATED STORIES NCAA25_EAST_LAKE_16x9.jpg East Lake Cup 2025: Field, format and how to watch at East Lake Golf Club DP World India Championship 2025 - Day Three Tommy Fleetwood, Shane Lowry chasing Keita Nakajima in final round of India Championship BMW Ladies Championship 2025 - Round Three Sei Young Kim eagles 17th hole, takes four-shot lead into final round in Korea Final Round How Jeffrey Kang, once nation’s best junior, overcame driver yips to earn long-awaited PGA Tour card BMW Ladies Championship 2025 - Round Two Sei Young Kim goes 62-66 but leads by just one at BMW Ladies in Korea DP World India Championship 2025 - Day Two Tommy Fleetwood (64) leads Open champs by two in India; Rory McIlroy six back gc_rgb_horizontal_logo_reverse_dark_bg.png Stay in the Know Subscribe to our Newsletter and Alerts Subscribe TOURS   • PGA TOUR   • LPGA TOUR   • DP WORLD TOUR   • PGA TOUR CHAMPIONS   • KORN FERRY TOUR   • NCAA & AMATEUR WATCH & LISTEN   • Clips & Highlights   • Golf Channel on YouTube   • Watch Live   • Golf Channel Podcast with Rex & Lav VERSANT MEDIA   • Golf Press Releases Ad ChoicesPrivacy Policy Cookie Settings CA NoticeTerms of ServiceAdvertiseCareersClosed Captioning  © Copyright 2026 Golf Channel. All rights reserved. 00000000
__label__wiki Skip navigation SEARCH FOR SCHOLARSHIPVirtual books Recommended Reading Bibliography Theses & Dissertations Folklife Miscellany Index Program Archives Maps Creole State Exhibit Photo gallery ARTICLES & ESSAYS  Getting to Gemütlichkeit: German History and Culture in Southeast Louisiana  By Laura Westbrook     [ gemütlichkeit: a feeling of belonging and well-being; contentment with one's surroundings; enjoying the fellowship of others; mutual appreciation and understanding ]  Background  Louisiana's German citizens constitute both one of the oldest and one of the newest populations in the state. The earliest recorded German immigrants to Louisiana arrived in 1722, and Germans continue to arrive every year, especially in the New Orleans area. The fact that residents of German descent actually comprise Louisiana's largest cultural group is often overlooked, and it has only been in the last decade that scholarly forays have been made into this history.  Ira Milan's polka band performing at Deutsche Haus, New Orleans, 2007. Photo: Courtesy of Stewart Eastman.  According to Reverend Heinz Neumann, who maintains the Deutsche Seemannsmission (German Seamen's Mission) in New Orleans, "The two world wars contributed to the muting of this culture in Louisiana and America, so that many people are not aware of the German traditions here and the contributions Germans continue to make in Louisiana." Indeed, residents of the New Orleans area commonly expressed surprise on learning that Germany contributed vitally needed pumps and major assistance after Hurricane Katrina because of its acknowledged close ties to the city. These ties are not often recognized or understood by Louisiana's non-German residents.  Recalls Brigitta Malm of Covington:  There has been a lot of help by the German government and other institutions after the hurricane. However, it has been very difficult to get coverage of this support. There was a team of 90 people here from the Deutsches Hilfswerk [German aid organization]; they came with pumps and stayed on a ship in Chalmette and apparently did a great job in pumping out the water from New Orleans. There was also financial help from the German government, and a donation collected by a North German newspaper in Schleswig Holstein was divided and given to City Park, a food mission on the West Bank, and several other organizations. The German Seamen's Mission also received some publicity and funds from the American Club of Hamburg.  The most recent (pre-Katrina) population statistics available from the state of Louisiana report the number of people who are now Louisiana residents but were born in Germany as 4,815. Excluding the 541 in Vernon Parish, largely due to the army base there, the statistics break down in the following order, from the largest German communities to the smallest that have 50 or more members. Orleans Parish: 557; Baton Rouge: 527 Jefferson: 490; St. Tammany: 379; Shreveport: 260; Lake Charles: 176; Lafayette: 173; Bossier: 167; Monroe: 157; Alexandria: 149; Houma: 65; and Lafourche: 59. The German community in our state goes back numerous generations, but continues to be enriched by new immigrants that strengthen the established community's ties to the homeland.  Germans were among the earliest settlers in Louisiana; in fact, they arrived earlier than many of the more dominant cultural groups. Many came from the disputed Alsace-Lorraine region, which helps to explain the easy assimilation of French and German customs, and a small but substantial portion of the earliest German settlers were Jewish. As a consequence of the social and economic success of these early Jewish settlers, attempts to import animosity toward Jews were largely unsuccessful in Louisiana's early days. Louisiana's sparse population and its great need for enterprising citizens allowed individuals to be judged more on merit than religious creed, and records from the St. Louis Cathedral make clear that intermarriage between Jews and Catholics was not uncommon.  The Louisiana to which our earliest Germans emigrated was a state of tremendous opportunity that was nevertheless known as the "grave of young men." According to Wayne Schexnayder of Kenner,  [My family is from] Hahnville in St. Charles Parish; it's part of "Cote des Allemandes." My family has been here since the early 1700s. They were German farmers that were brought here by the French to farm, to start a new colony. I remember some things my grandfather and grandmother told me about [that time]; people worked so hard they didn't live long. They died in their mid-fifties; they worked real hard. The elements-the mosquitoes, the wild animals, the Indians-it was a hard life. But in other ways they lived a good life, you know. They raised fresh vegetables. My family also told me that the German Coast farmers kept New Orleans from starving during one emergency period because they provided fresh produce and the milk and cheeses and that type of thing.  In addition to the advantages a port city like New Orleans offered to budding entrepreneurs of the 18th and 19th centuries, the crime, disease, and lack of sanitation made it a dangerous place that discouraged many who tried to establish themselves there. Nevertheless, many early German immigrants, such as Isaac Delgado, Judah Touro, and Leon Godchaux-and later, Martin Behrman, Edward W. A. Ochsner, Garrett Schwegmann, and Joseph Francis Rummel-rose from a variety of backgrounds to become forces for progress in their new state.  Many German names were legally "Americanized"; in Louisiana this meant that the "new" name appears French, so that the German "Troxler" became "Trosclair," "Zweig" became "Labranche," and so on. The changing of immigrants' names, and the fact that Germans have been discouraged from speaking German or openly practicing their inherited customs for several generations, has had the effect that a good number of Louisiana's younger residents of German heritage do not know about their own cultural backgrounds. This is an issue of great concern to older German-Americans, and came up often in interviews. A tour guide at Ormond Plantation tells of a recent incident in which a group of German tourists to St. James Parish asked a teenage boy for directions to Louisiana's German Coast. He responded that he himself was Cajun and had not heard of the German Coast. When he reported the story to his parents, he learned that his family was among the earliest Germans to arrive on the state's German Coast where their descendents all currently live, including himself! The most inclusive definition of the German Coast region counts it as extending along both sides of the Mississippi River roughly from Gretna to the Bonne Carré Spillway.  Nineteenth-century Louisiana was a place in which immigrants might remake themselves-might alter their social status through their own efforts, change religious affiliations or escape religious or cultural persecution that, though tried in Louisiana, failed to gain popular or institutional support. Romantic and volatile, ripe with possibilities for fortune or disaster, Louisiana was a place where hardy adventurers, with work and luck, might create new lives and leave legacies of lasting impact on future generations of family and on state history.  French colonial prefect Pierre Clement Laussat supported the growth of Louisiana's population by increasing the number of Germans in residence. In 1803 he wrote,  This class of peasants, especially of this nationality, is just the kind we need and the only one that has always done well in this area, which is called the German Coast. It is the most industrious, the most populous, the most prosperous, the most upright, the most valuable population segment of this colony. I deem it essential that the French government adopt the policy of bringing to this area every year 1,000 to 1,200 families from the border states of Switzerland, the Rhine and Bavaria.1  Opportunities in Louisiana were spoken of throughout the poorer areas of Germany and France; at this time Louisiana attracted emigrants from throughout Europe, particularly France and Germany.2 New Orleans' population increased from 29,737 in 1830 to 102,193 in 1840.3 The Civil War effectively closed the port of New Orleans as a substantial point of entry for direct European immigration; later immigrants primarily arrived from other American cities.4 Direct immigration from Germany resumed, especially before and after the World Wars, as families fled Europe and war brides began to arrive in Louisiana.  Early Expressions of German Culture in Louisiana  Germans established benevolent societies that provided services to the community. Like the now well-known "social aid and pleasure clubs" established before the turn of the century in some New Orleans African American communities, these organizations helped members find employment, paid their burial expenses, and supplied life insurance to the families of deceased members. These associations, which also served as social clubs, were called "groves," and by the turn of the century there were over twenty-five such societies. These included the popular United Ancient Order of the Druids. The first grove of Druids in the area, the Magnolia Hain (Magnolia Grove) was founded in 1836.5  Similar to the earlier-formed societies, Germans formed benevolent associations specifically for trades and professions, which also provided for their members in cases of illness, accidents, or emergencies, and provided pensions for widows and children. One notable group that Germans joined in significant numbers is the Independent Order of Odd Fellows ("odd fellows" refers to assorted or "odd" trades not covered by specific professional fraternal lodges), begun in 1831. Present-day visitors to the Odd Fellows Rest at the intersection of Canal Street and Metairie Road can see the tombs of the Germania Lodge Number 29 and of the Teutonia Lodge Number 10 with its inscription, "Freundschaft, Liebe, und Wahrheit" ("Friendship, Love, and Truth").  The Odd Fellows Rest was inaugurated with an extravagant brass band parade following a horse-drawn hearse that carried the remains of 16 members who were transferred from other burial grounds to the new cemetery. Brass band parades, especially those following funeral processions, are now almost forgotten among today's German population. German brass band parades, however, were once common. At least one New Orleans-area music scholar and musician, Jack Stewart, is now conducting research documenting German contributions to the development of New Orleans jazz.  Meanwhile, in Germany, conditions (primarily an ill-fated demand for a unified Germany) led to a mass emigration of artists and intellectuals to the ports of New York and New Orleans. This swelled the numbers of Germans in Louisiana, who quickly merged with those already settled in the region. Recalls Frank Ehret of Gretna, "My great-grandfather, Cassimere Ehret, and his wife, Margaret Goyer, came to Louisiana from Germany in 1848. At that time there was an influx of German immigrants to the United States; they call them 'forty-eighters'." The Deutsche Gesellschaft was organized to assist these new Germans.  Today a group of this name, headquartered on Metairie Road, functions largely as a social club devoted to cultural preservation. Meeting programs are printed in English and German, both American and German national anthems are sung, and all meetings include copious amounts of homemade German foods. One of the more unique aspects of the meetings is the inclusion of short refreshers in the German language, each of which focuses on one aspect of pronunciation, such as "how to pronounce the umlauted 'o' (ö)." Members enjoy singing traditional and popular German songs.  The Deutsches Haus was founded as a place where numerous longstanding German organizations could meet, and today it functions as a social club, a gathering place for various German groups, and a place where people can speak the German language and maintain ties to their culture. Marietta Herr of Harahan, whose family has belonged to the Haus since its inception, describes its origin.  My father belonged to a singing group, the Mäennerchor, before the establishment of the Deutches Haus, and in 1928 Mr. Odenheimer [the first president of Deutsches Haus] brought all these German groups together. They had the Turnverein; that's the exercise people. [The Turnverein was an arts and benevolent society that promoted and presented art, music, and drama, and also offered physical fitness programs for its members.] Then they had the Unterstützungsverein that was like a benevolent association, an insurance group. They had a doctor and so forth. And I don't know what other groups they had. But after World War I these German groups kind of disintegrated. They were strong prior to World War I and afterward they were weakened but still existing. So they were brought together and the Deutsches Haus was established. The building was an old telephone exchange, where it still is today, on South Galvez Street. My father, then part of the singing society, also became a charter member of the Deutsches Haus. If you were a member of the Deutsches Haus you could be buried in the St. Roch Cemetery.  Keith Oldendorf, who is the current president of Deutsches Haus but did not grow up attending its events regularly, describes his impressions of the Haus as he has observed it over time.  When I started coming here, I was in my twenties, and at first it seemed there were mostly older members. Some of their grand kids would come every now and then. But in the last few years, there was a trend for younger people that started coming regularly. Then when it got damaged during Katrina, it gained even more momentum with younger people. When we started to rebuild the place, it was a mixture of ages, but mostly a lot of younger guys showing up. They showed up every weekend and worked really hard putting the place back together.  In addition to the professional and benevolent organizations, Louisiana's earliest Germans participated in a wide range of assistance, social and artistic associations, many of which survive in some form today. The most important of the earliest societies was the Deutsche Gesellschaft (founded in 1851), which provided assistance to new arrivals by welcoming them at the docks and helping them go through customs and get settled in the area, or find their way to transportation if their journey did not end in Louisiana. They also provided food and clothing, supplied transportation costs, and offered shelter and care to those who had fallen ill along the way.  Pastor Heinz Neumann of the Deutsche Seemannsmission (German Seamen's Mission), 2007. Photo: Laura Westbrook.  Today the Deutsche Seemannsmission, headed by Pastor Heinz Neumann, meets German ships at the Port of New Orleans and helps sailors purchase needed supplies and, if their work requires a stay in the city, provides hospitality including meals, lodging, recreation, and entertainment, sometimes even German-language concerts during which the sailors are invited to sing along with local Germans who regularly attend activities at the Mission. Says Frieda Arwe, a licensed tour guide who lives in Gretna, "I feel that I am doing my part when I meet the Germans who arrive in the Port of New Orleans. We show them around the city, especially the parts of interest to Germans. Sometimes they are surprised at the abundance of German history we have here, and sometimes they come knowing a great deal about our German history. We have German-language books and films at the Mission, and there they can meet people who are glad to speak German with them." Pastor Neumann not only maintains the Seemannsmission, he also conducts monthly services in the German language at St. Matthew's Church of Christ, offers prayers and leads choirs at events for all of the German organizations in the area, and helps to support the activities of each. He is frequently cited as a mainstay, and highly valued, member of Louisiana's German community.  The newly-reconstructed Deutsche Seemannsmission, 2007. Photo: Laura Westbrook.  Louisiana's German history is an "open secret." During the years 1848 to 1900, Germans were the largest foreign-language speaking group in Louisiana. By the year 1850 fully one-fifth of Louisiana's population was German-speaking, and there were more than 50 German-language newspapers and journals published in the state. As recently as the mid-20th century, German was taught in Orleans Parish schools, reports Sister Betty Doskey of Orleans Parish, who recalls that at St. Francis of Assisi School (which educated both boys and girls) in the 1930s and 1940s, all the nuns were German and spoke German with their students.  Changing Times  But the nationalism pervasive in the United States during the World Wars and the postwar years took its toll on expressions of cultural pride among Louisiana's Germans. During World War I, the Louisiana state legislature passed Act 114 (specific to German citizens), which made all expressions of German culture and heritage, especially the printed or spoken use of the German language, illegal. Cajun songs such as Hadley Castille's "200 Lines," recount the heartbreak, sense of shame, and cultural erosion that resulted from similar post-World War II policies in Acadiana, but this experience was far from exclusive to Cajun children. (Though the reasons for these language strictures differ, the resultant weakening of cultural solidarity has been reported by all cultures that were affected by them.) During World War II in particular, German Americans report that they feared being collected into camps such as those endured by Japanese Americans. Any German traditions that were maintained during this time were practiced strictly among close friends and family at home. May Day, originally acknowledged and celebrated as the German Maifest, assumed a more generic "old-fashioned" aspect and was celebrated as the beginning of spring with little or no cultural context for non-Germans.  The influx of Germans did not discontinue, though, even during wartime. Güenter Bischof of Terrebonne Parish points out that,  After the surrender of the Africa Corps in May 1943, and in the latter part of World War II, thousands of German prisoners of war were shipped to Louisiana to work in the northern cotton fields and in sugarcane fields in the coastal parishes. The German POWs made up the shortage in agricultural labor after white boys were drafted into the military and African-American sharecroppers moved to industrial jobs at places such as Higgins Boats in the cities. 6  The German POWs worked on the very plantations of the "German Coast" first settled by their countrymen in Louisiana. After the wars, Germans immigrated to Louisiana seeking to escape post-war poverty and hardship. When they arrived here, though America was generally unfriendly toward Germany, they found a well-established community that was able to welcome them and help them assimilate.  Restaurateur Blanca Volion taught herself English by studying the newspaper and grocery signage, and following along with the televised 64,000 Question but, typically for Germans new to Louisiana, mostly through the invaluable German friends she met who had been in Louisiana a little longer than herself. Organizations such as the Deutsche Seemannsmission and the now-defunct German Club played a crucial social and psychological role in immigrants' lives. Mrs. Volion and her friend Marianna Nicholas formed a weekly Kaffeeklatsch at which "We'd make cake and we'd have coffee and talk." She describes the experience of some of the Germans who came to the New Orleans area during this period.  A lot of people [are] coming out now, to say "I'm of German descent." You'd be surprised how many people say, "Oh my grandfather came from there." [If I say] "But you don't [have a] German name," they'll say, "Well, they changed it." With the war, they had to kind of change the name and then they kept it that way. Later, some people changed it back to the German way, but a lot of people didn't. See, they used to hide everything in their attics, so people wouldn't know that they were German, because of the war. You know war can be a darned terrible thing. I had a very hard time when I came over here. You know, for being German, and people didn't forget-their daddy got killed in the war, their brother got killed in the war. And it wasn't my fault; I was just a child. But it doesn't matter; I was still blamed for it. So that's why some people didn't come out. Now people, just the last years, is all coming out, you know. But I mean the tradition is kind of forgotten. That's what good with the German club. They have a nice Christmas party there with the candles and all that stuff. I used to never miss a meeting.  Prince Ludwig and Princess Theresa are honorary roles at each year's Oktoberfest procession, New Orleans, 2007. Photo: Courtesy of Stewart Eastman.  In Louisiana, the cultural revolution of the 1970s most notably saw the resurgence of "Cajun pride," but the state's Germans have also been making forays into more public expressions of culture. Over time the Maifest has been reinstated in several communities, Oktoberfest has become extremely popular with Germans and non-Germans, and today German (and some mostly-German) community and cultural organizations are thriving.  Though German-language events became more public during and after the 1970s, loyalty to the new homeland remained important to American Germans. Sevilla Finley says, "I returned from living in Palo Alto, California, in 1985 and dedicated the last 20 years of my life to the 'movement' with the goal of establishing the German-American Cultural Center." She tells about her community's struggle to integrate and express their dual identities at public events.  In the 1980s, I was president of a local German club when we had our first big Maifest; several hundred people were all assembled at the Red Maple Restaurant [in Gretna]. Ira Milan's Polka Band was about to start the evening and he asked everyone to stand up for the anthem. I went from room to room and, with both hands, urged everyone to rise. Then Ira and his 16-piece band started playing, but it wasn't our American anthem. [They played the German anthem]. I was a little surprised and embarrassed. When it was over everyone sat down and started to eat. An older club member and his grown daughter came over to me. The daughter said, seriously but with a smile, "My father has threatened to break up all the band's instruments if they don't play the American anthem." He said very firmly, "I'm an American first, and they'd better play our anthem or I won't stay." Ira said he didn't think they couldn't play it without the sheet music, but he got the band to play the anthem the best they could from memory. Later I discovered that whenever Ira's band played at the Deutsches Haus, they'd always open with the German anthem, just as the people of French heritage do with La Marseillaise when they're holding a cultural event.  Ingrid Schleh, Trudy Sigle, and Frieda Awre at the Deutsches Haus Maifest, New Orleans, 2007. Photo: Laura Westbrook.  The shift toward public expressions of cultural pride is often described as a grass-roots movement. Ms. Finley explains, "The big cultural movement occurred in 1987 when Gail Perry organized the German Heritage Festival Association and revived the Oktoberfest Parade that used to roll in New Orleans. People joined by the hundreds in this." This movement brought together several existing German heritage groups that had previously been unknown to each other. Ms. Perry adds, "The old volksfest parade rolled before the Civil War, stopping for the 5 years of the war then continuing in 1855. They paraded until the early 20th century. The early history is in the old newspapers, The Star, I believe." Ms. Finley responds, "It wasn't a movement until we all got on the bandwagon to do the parade and create the German American Cultural Center, and Richard Kuntz and Bill Gunn headed the efforts to revive and increase membership at the Deutsches Haus. Down the coast, the German Coast people (particularly the German Coast Historical and Genealogical Society) were doing their thing and we networked."  The German American Cultural Center (GACC) was established in Gretna in 1999 with the support of an active "Friends" group. It is open to the public and offers exhibits, programs and cultural activities that interpret the German immigrant history and the contributions, to Louisiana and the United States, of German Americans. The cultural center resulted from twelve years of cooperative efforts among the above-named groups with "the City of Gretna, Jefferson Parish, our congressional delegates, the Jean Lafitte National Park and Preserve and the Delta Regional Preservation Commission" to lobby for a museum in Gretna, explains Ms. Finley, who took a leading role in the center's development. Today the center features regular lectures and presentations, hosts annual holiday celebrations, and partners with non-German festivals and the local arts market. Membership in the various clubs and societies overlap, so that one may see the same people at meetings and events in Gretna, Metairie, New Orleans, or further out along the German Coast.  In southeast Louisiana, Germans have been known for their fierce work ethic to the point that "It takes a German to do it" was once synonymous with accomplishing the near-impossible; this expression is occasionally repeated, often humorously, today. David Moore, a member of the Deutsches Haus, rediscovered his commitment to that organization after Hurricane Katrina. He observed that it, like the other organizations mentioned in this essay, presents a rare opportunity for many different waves of immigrants to socialize with each other, helping new arrivals to assimilate and invigorating interest in the traditions of the homeland among fourth- and fifth-generation German-Americans. He also noticed similarities among the members who turned out to voluntarily rebuild the storm-damaged Haus. The men reminded him of his own German ancestors.  My grandfather was into everything-he had all kinds of tools. If he was gonna build a plant stand, it would have posts that big [hands about a foot apart]. An elephant could stand on it, much less him. Anything he build was just totally, totally overdone. I guess you could call it eccentric. Well, when I was growing up I thought it was eccentric, just his way. But I guess you could call it the German way. I tell you, when working at Deutsches Haus and watching these younger guys They are pure German, and their whole families were German, and I could see my grandfather in them. Just the way we rebuilt the Deutsches Haus-if something required a floor joist this big [hands six inches apart], they were putting in one this big [hands ten inches apart]. I mean, that sucker was going to be there for the rest of time! The way they engineered that place and built the place, and the way they were going about restoring it, you could just tell it was being done by some [people with] German ancestors. It was never good enough to just do it. It had to be done this way. And it was always overly done. It's a German thing, I guess.  The traditional meal of stuffed cabbage, potato salad, German sausage, and sauerkraut, 2007. Photo: Laura Westbrook.  Many of their first enterprises continue in a variety of forms. Germans largely instituted the brewing industry in Louisiana; in its heyday the Jax Brewery, established by Joseph and Lawrence Fabacher in 1890, employed a high percentage of the area's Germans. According to Larry Fabacher, "It was a relatively unusual place to work. It was actually written into the union contracts that a worker would get 'X' number of beers per shift. Each department had its own keg and its own kitchen."7 The present building is only a suggestion of the structure that, for years, dominated the French Quarter riverfront from Jackson Square to the property that is now One Canal Place. Today Germans comprise much of the membership of the Crescent City Home Brewers, and individuals like David Moore of Slidell continue to brew for private consumption at home, and also to can sauerkraut and other dishes, using traditional techniques. German immigrant Henryk Orlik is the founder and Brewmaster of Heiner Brau brewery in Covington, and immigrant Wolfram Koehler is the founder and Brewmaster of the Crescent City Brewhouse, a microbrewery and restaurant in New Orleans' French Quarter. Both mention with pride that they strictly adhere to the German Purity Law of 1516, known as Reinheitsgebot.  In New Orleans, Creole gardens historically utilized white, heavily scented, flowers to mask the smells of the streets. Germans are largely credited for bringing their traditions of riotously colorful gardens. Germans established many of the area's first florist shops, some of which are still operating or remembered today, such as Eble the Florist, Kraak's Florists, Rohm's Floral Designs, and Scheinuk the Florist. Other enterprises to which Germans notably contributed, and in which many still work, include politics, restaurants, agriculture, and dairies.  Tradition and Contemporary Culture  Food and Holidays  Many Germans who were interviewed for this project report that the first question a German will ask, when exploring a new place, is, "Where can one find good bread?" They point out that New Orleans' famed French bread is misleadingly named because the majority of "French bread" bakers in the city have been either Italian or German; often they presided over small corner markets, some of which grew into giant enterprises such as the Schweggmann's supermarkets. Lifetime baker Alfons Kleindienst, who emigrated from Hamburg, explains,  America is a little different than Germany. In Germany, when a young man goes to a bakery, he becomes an apprentice, and he works at this place for 3 years. You got no pay, but you learned the whole bakery from the bottom up, and you learned everything in the bakery. A lot of times in America, a guy will join a bakery and they'll show him how to make pies, and he might make pies all his life, but he doesn't know how to make a loaf of bread, or he can't make a cream roll, or an apple turnover and stuff like that. . . That's why Germans, in most places, are sought after, because they had to go through this tedious way of learning. But when they've learned it, they know it!  Mr. Kleindienst is now retired, but names like Leidenheimer, Reising, Binder, and Haydel continue to dominate New Orleans baking. Smaller boutique bakeries continue to be owned and operated by bakers of German heritage, sometimes under French names.  Spaetzle (home-made German noodles) prepared by Marietta Herr, 2007. Photo: Laura Westbrook.  The connection between German baking and local heritage is made humorously, unambiguously clear by artist Bunny Matthews' decorations on the Leidenheimer's bakery trucks, on which locally-beloved cartoon characters Vic and Nat'ly proclaim, ""Sink ya teeth into a piece a New Orleans cultcha, a Leidenheimer po-boy!" The sister and brother team of Katherine and Robert "Sandy" Whann, the fourth generation of the Leidenheimer family to operate the bakery, plan to organize a Po-Boy Preservation Society to encourage the use of locally-made bread in commercial po-boys.  Louisiana historian Earl Higgins, in his book, The Joy of Y'at Catholicism,8 describes the blending and blurring of cultural boundaries where food is concerned this way.  The paradox of y'at reality is illustrated by the following true story, an event that took place several years ago after Sunday morning Mass at St. Agnes Church on Jefferson Highway. Standing across from the church was a small neighborhood bakery that drew a crowd after each Sunday Mass. An elderly lady was poking through the stack of fresh French bread loaves until she found one wrapped in paper showing that it had been baked at Falkenstein's, a local bakery that supplied French bread to retail bakeries. "This is the authentic French bread," she announced with serious emphasis and a vigorous nod. "Mr. Falkenstein brought the recipe with him from Germany." The lady, the neighborhood baker, and Falkenstein's bread are long gone, but New Orleanians' view of "authenticity" remains the same.  Longtime resident Bill Rittenberg, as quoted by the columnist Angus Lind, says, "That's the irony. The French have never made French bread. The Germans made it." (And now, a Vietnamese bakery in his neighborhood makes bread that is very similar.) 9 Doubtless many residents of French descent may have their own stories about their long heritage of bread-baking in Louisiana.  After a performance everyone enjoys a feast at the Deutsche Seemannsmission (German Seamen's Mission), 2007. Photo: Laura Westbrook.  Other German names strongly associated with everyday baked goods, and childhood memories, are Elmer and Hubig. Though devastated by Hurricane Katrina, after which its Bywater bakery in Orleans Parish was forced to close for 16 months, Elmer's Fine Foods has recovered and is still going strong. Today, Alan, Stephen and Paul Elmer are the fifth generation of the family to run the bakery. Their candies are sold at most drugstore checkout counters, and the name of its signature snack, "CheeWees," has become synonymous locally with any bagged chip-type snack. The Simon Hubig Pie Company remains extremely popular as well; in fact, more than one pie fan sports "Savory Simon," the Hubig logo, as a tattoo! The company proudly displays their photos on its website. Their Faubourg Marigny bakery was less affected by the storms, and employees handed out pies to locals and rescue workers from their familiar red and white pie trucks.10  Advent wreath, New Orleans, 2007. Photo: Courtesy of Stewart Eastman.  In addition to daily fare, German holiday food traditions remain strong. Holidays, of course, combine special foods with deeper customs that connect us to family, community, and homeland. The Advent season, which begins the first Sunday after November 26th, marks the arrival of Christmas. The Adentskranz (Advent Wreath) and Adventskalender (Advent calendar) decorate German homes during this time. The popularity of the Advent wreath spread throughout Germany after World War I, and remains important there and with Germans in America. The Advent calendar was first documented in 1851, but the custom may be older than that. Mrs. Frieda Arwe makes the wreaths for some of the community holiday events, but notes that anyone can begin with commercially available greenery wreaths and can make a German-style Advent wreath. The Advent wreath is placed on a flat surface and consists of a bough of greenery formed into a circle, around which are placed four candles. A fifth candle, larger than the others and white, is placed in the center. Traditionally, the wreath is decorated with cones of fir and pine, small red mushrooms, and red and/or yellow ribbons. On each Sunday in Advent one of the four candles on the wreath is lit so that on the first Sunday, one candle is lit, on the second Sunday that one plus another is lit, and so on. The first Sunday in Advent, Grüner Sonnag (green Sunday), takes its name from the green Advent wreath. The second Sunday is called Kupferner Sonnag (copper Sunday); the third, Silberer Sonnag (silver Sunday); and the final Sunday is Goldener Sonnag (golden Sunday). On Christmas Day, the large center candle is lit. Decorated but candle-less wreaths are hung in private homes and public places.  The Adventskalender may take the form of a handcrafted box with small doors that open to reveal a small treat and/or a biblical verse each day leading up to Christmas, or it may be a "fancy" version purchased in a store. This is a way for children to mark the days until Christmas. Advent time is also the time for community Christmas parties at the German American Community Center and at the Deutsches Haus. Both feature holiday foods and live music performed by community members in the German language. A highlight of the Deutsches Haus party is the appearance of "a more authentic" version of St. Nicholas rather than the Dutch-American Santa Claus popularized by Clement Moore.  In German tradition, Christmas Eve rather than Christmas Day is the height of the season. This evening is called der Heilige Abend (the Holy Evening), and is the time that the tree may first be brought into the home and decorated. In America, Germans must balance the desire for a traditional Christmas with the demands of American holiday-making. This is a time when German families talk about the importance of this night, commemorating the night the Christ child was born. In German custom the belief is that it is the Christkindl (Christ Child) who delivers gifts as he himself received them on the evening of his birth. The custom of the Christmas tree may have begun in Germany, was certainly prevalent there for centuries, and was popularized in Europe and the United States beginning in 1841 by those who admired illustrations of trees decorated for the children of Queen Victoria and the Saxon Duke Albert, Prince Consort of the United Kingdom, who was from the area now designated as Bavaria.  Straw Stars - Traditional German Christmas ornaments woven by Ingrid Schleh crop, 2007. Photo: Laura Westbrook.  Today's German Christmas trees are decorated with a mixture of store-bought and traditional ornaments-stars woven of straw, decorations of foil or glass, apples, nuts wrapped in gold foil, pastries in the shape of rings and Lebkuchen (spicy ginger biscuits), decorations of candy or marzipan, carved or crocheted angels, cones of fir or pine, candles or electric lights. Louisiana Germans report that, if candles are used, they only are lit on Christmas Eve and afterward the electric lights are used. Presents may be placed under the tree or on a nearby table for the purpose called a Gabentisch. When the adults have the tree decorated and lit, they ring a little bell to let the children know that it is time to see the tree. Often songs are sung before the children receive their presents. The exchange of gifts is called die Bescherung. The tradition of the "Christmas pickle" is becoming popular with some non-Germans as well. This is the custom in which the adults hang a pickle-shaped ornament, usually made of glass, on the tree on Christmas Eve after the young family members have gone to sleep. The child who finds the pickle the next morning trades it in to the adults for a special small prize. There are a few people who still know how to make the straw stars and for several years St. Matthew's Church operated a Christmas bazaar at which these locally handmade items and others were sold.  There is no menu for Heilige Abend or Christmas Day that is common to all Germans in Louisiana. Some prefer carp, herring salad, and Louisiana seafood, possibly carrying on an old Catholic custom of refraining from meat on Christmas. Many others prefer to serve goose as a Christmas main dish whenever they can (with turkey an acceptable substitute if necessary), or pork roast; either main course will likely be accompanied by red or white cabbage, Spätzle (little dumplings) and sauerkraut. Special desserts may be the highlight of the holiday menu. The Christmas Stollen is a dense, aromatic, bread-like fruitcake referred to in its various regional formulations as Dresdner Stollen, Weihnachtsstollen or Christstollen. The shape of the bread is thought to represent the shape of the swaddled baby Jesus, but was thought by miners to resemble the entrance to the mines (literally stollen), and over time the cake was commonly renamed so that the original name, Striezel, is all but forgotten. Several women who are active in South Louisiana's German community make Stollen as a holiday specialty and a prized gift. Other special foods of the season include marzipan cookies, der Lebkuchen; various other cookies and pastries; apples and apple butter; Gluehwein ("glow wine" or "glowing wine"), a spiced mulled wine, usually red; and spicy mulled cider. Each year at New Orleans' Jean Lafitte National Parks facility on Decatur Street, Ingrid Schleh and Frieda Arwe demonstrate techniques for making the marzipan cookies.  The twelfth and last day of the Christmas season is Heilige Drei Könige, or Drei König Tag, the Feast of the Three Kings, elsewhere called Epiphany. This is not a gift-giving day. In Germany, the custom is that, unnamed and unseen, "three kings" visit homes and businesses, leaving a chalk sign that they had been there. In America this is a day for community visiting as opposed to the family emphasis during Heilige Abend and Christmas Day. One family's traditions are described by Adrian Juttner;  My German traditions come from the Banat Schwaben, who were exterminated by the Red Army in 1945. But, I grew up in a German neighborhood [here in America]. At home, we celebrated Dreikönige [drie/three, konig/king] on January 6th. Mom would fry donuts. A quarter went in one, then a dime in another, then a penny in one. Those who picked the money became, [in descending order], the Konig, Kaiser [emperor], Hosenscheiser [rabble]. Of course, a kaiser outranks a konig, but it rhymes better that way. The hosenscheiser is the one who messed his pants-hence the brown penny. Dad usually got that one.  The food Mom would cook would be a melding of German and Hungarian fare: ribs and sauerkraut, sultz [jellied pigs' feet], blutwurst, landjagers [sausages from Cleveland], boiled beef with horseradish, Eszterhazy rosteos [beef], guljas [Hungarian beef and vegetable soup], Chicken Paprikash, eggs with paprika, galuska [tiny dumplings], Hungarian cucumber salad, wiener schnitzel [breaded, pan-fried veal strips], and-worst of all-kidney stew! The smell of it boiling would make me declare, "I know what's cookin' today!" When she died, she left a pot of ribs and sauerkraut behind.  The Maibaum at the German American Cultural Center's Maifest, New Orleans, 2007. Photo: Laura Westbrook.  The Christmas season is most often mentioned in interviews and articles about German holiday customs, but other less well-known seasonal customs are also observed in Louisiana. The medieval custom of heralding the beginning of spring, Maifest ("May Day" in other cultures, though Maifest is not always celebrated on May 1st as is May Day), is spreading in popularity across the United States. This custom has its roots in pre-Christian agricultural rites entreating fertility for crops, livestock, and the human population. In Germany this is an occasion for planting, but as respondents point out, in Louisiana May is late for first planting, so this aspect has been dropped or has become merely ceremonial. In Germany, the Maypole or Maibaum artistically documents the various trades that are practiced in each town, and they are prominently displayed as expressions of community pride for the entire month or longer. The Maibaum and the winding, ribbon-braiding dance around it symbolize the rekindled hope and energy of spring. This is also a time to re-connect with neighbors, to dance, sing, and drink outdoors after the cold winter.  Here in south Louisiana, the German American Cultural Community Center in Gretna has an outdoor Maifest with music and food, though the Maibaum is only up during the festivities. Maifest, now also celebrated as Volksfest (the people's festival), has been celebrated in Louisiana for decades, and visitors to the grounds of the German American Cultural Center or the Deutsches Haus can enjoy the camaraderie of the celebrants and partake of the varied sausages, pastries, and beers on offer, as well as the breads, kraut and cabbage, and special large pretzels. Frieda Arwe remembers the Maifests of her childhood in the Frankfurt area:  In Germany, they go for hikes, bike rides, celebrating the springtime. And in cities like the city my husband is from, the city of Bruschal near Heidelberg, that city is known for their Maifest. They have this Maipole, the Maibaum, and it has a huge wreath and bands flowing down. And then they have each trade-let's say you have a plumber, you have a butcher, you have a baker, each organization, and they have a coat of arms and that's carved in the Maipole or that's painted on the Maipole. And they get together-like I said, the baker, the butcher, the candlestick maker-the guilds-and they dance around the Maipole. And they have the youth groups that dance around the Maipole. And in my husband's town, they bake pretzels, they bake huge pretzels, not like the ones here, they bake them from a special dough, and they even have a song about the Maipretzel, and the most famous song they all sing is that (sings in German), translation, "May has arrived; The trees are blooming and sprouting; Everyone is on the go; The ones who don't want to participate, they just have to stay home while the others are celebrating," something like that.  In Louisiana, the decorations on the Maibaum are usually a wreath of spring flowers at the top of the pole, with colorful streamers affixed to the center. In decades past, there have been dances at public events and also in schools; more recent events may feature the May dance but this is not performed with regularity anymore. Several people who participated in interviews expressed the desire to revive the dance and, since it has not had time to fall out of memory or direct experience, this is entirely possible. The traditional Maibaum dance begins with each dancer holding the end of a ribbon, so that they form a circle of dancers around the pole and the ribbons are fairly taut. Usually one dancer is male, the next female, and so on, and there is an even number of dancers. The dancers alternate facing clockwise and counterclockwise. Each dancer moves in the direction he or she faces, passing one person on the right, the next on the left, and so on. The greatest challenge is toward the end of the dance when ribbons shorten; outside dancers must lift their ribbons in order for inside dancers to pass beneath them, then the inside dancers are on the outside and must repeat the action until the ribbons become too short to work with and the music ends. At this point the ribbons form a braid around the Maibaum, decorating it for the day or until another dance. Sometimes the dancers all turn and then unwind the ribbons using the same technique. Today only the Cultural Center has a Maibaum, and its vestigial ribbons are purely ornamental, but this may change.  Gail Perry, now of St. Tammany Parish, recalls Maifests of her New Orleans childhood:  For over a hundred years all of the public and private schools in New Orleans celebrated a May Festival with music, maypoles, performances, etc. This was a given, and probably stems from the German influence. My favorite school Maifest was the one in 1950 when my 8th grade class at Robert E. Lee School on Carrollton Avenue performed a dance to "Buttons and Bows." All of the girls had made their own skirts in Home Economics class at the school. The boys wore matching bowties. There was a raised stage for the performances, and each class had a dance or musical performance.  Foods associated with Maifest are hearty whole-grain breads, ham, cheeses, mustards, pickles, and baked goods. Beverages include Maibock (May beer) and Maiwein, a white wine flavored with Waldmeister (sweet woodruff). Waldmeister grows wild in Germany but the wild American version is not palatable. It can be grown in containers here, though, and the young spring sprigs used to flavor the distinctive special-occasion wine. A group of local cooks, none of whom rely on written recipes for familiar dishes, have reviewed the following recipe (compiled from notes by the author) and agree that it will produce a fine Maiwein.  Place in a bowl or pitcher:  12 sprigs of young woodruff 11/2 cup powdered sugar 1 bottle of Mosel, Saar-Ruwer, or similar German dry white wine 1 cup brandy Cover the mixture for 30 minutes, but not longer. Remove the sweet woodruff. Stir and pour over a block of ice placed in a large punch bowl. Add: 3 bottles of Mosel, Saar-Ruwer, or similar German dry white wine 1 quart carbonated water, or German sparkling wine Decorate the Maiwein, or May Punch, with thinly sliced oranges, sticks of pineapple, and sprigs of sweet woodruff.  Oktoberfest is not, as anthropologists define it, a folk festival since its modern origins are clearly known, and it has its roots in the celebration of an elite event, a wedding among Bavarian royalty. However, among German immigrants to other countries where it is celebrated, Oktoberfest serves to bring together people of German descent who maintain their German celebrations, language, and other customs. The event dates to 1810, when citizens of Munich were invited to celebrate the royal wedding of Bavarian Crown Prince Ludwig and Princess Therese of Saxe-Hildburghausen. The public festival honoring the newlyweds included horse races, games, and foods. The first agricultural show presenting Bavarian food products was added the following year, and in 1819 the city of Munich became the official organizer of the event.  Today in Germany, at noon on September 17, the lord mayor of Munich cracks the first barrel of Oktoberfest beer with a traditional announcement of "O'zapft is!" ("The beer is tapped!"), signifying the opening of the city's Oktoberfest celebration. Over the years, carousels and other midway rides have replaced horse races, but the largest attractions are the foods and the Biergartens (outdoor cafés arranged for visiting).  More than 150 Oktoberfest events are held throughout the United States in cities and towns where German culture, food and beverages are celebrated. This two-week festival is held annually during late September and early October. With some six million people attending the Bavarian event every year, and millions of others celebrating all over the world, it is easily the world's largest fair. Traditionally, the event takes place during the 16 days up to and including the first Sunday in October. In Louisiana, Oktoberfest celebrations open with a ceremonial keg-tapping, modeled after that in Munich, by a person of honor in the German community or by locals enacting ceremonial roles as Ludwig and Therese. A special Oktoberfest beer, slightly darker and stronger, is brewed for the occasion. Visitors also consume large quantities of traditional hearty foods such as sausages of various kinds, Hendl (chicken), Käsespätzle (cheese noodles), cabbage rolls, several recipes of potato salad, sauerkraut, and special large home-made pretzels similar to those served at Maifest.  The German-American Cultural Center sponsors a "German village" at the October Gretna Heritage Festival, and the Deutsches Haus's Oktoberfest lasts five weekends and is so popular that visitors wait in lines around the block to enter, and may have trouble finding room on the crowded dance floor to dance to the live German music played by local musicians. Numerous participants wear Alpine hats, Lederhosen, Bundhosen (leather or cloth breeches), short embroidered Miesbacher jackets, dirndl dresses, and some serve refreshments in peasant garb. The event primarily features a Biergarten where members and visitors can sing together, and enjoy foods, drinks, and gemütlichkeit (a sense of belonging, cheerful acceptance, or peaceful quality time) while listening to the music.  Music  Today's Germans will happily tell anyone, "Where there are Germans, there is music," and this has always been true in Louisiana. Current residents who moved here from Germany report that they learned music from family in their homes and also at school. In fact, schools provided children with books containing traditional folk songs specifically so that there would be a shared repertoire of music that all Germans could sing together. Soldiers were provided with similar books when they were sent out of the country, so that they could retain that familiar connection to their homeland. Sevilla Finley, Marietta Herr, and others proudly display for guests in their homes or at the German American Community Center examples of these patriotic collections of traditional folk songs. Here in Louisiana, in the few schools that offer a music program, German music is not an option. However, with a long history of activity in Louisiana, German music is alive and well in private homes and community gatherings.  German poetry, theatre, and, above all, music have a long history in New Orleans. German children grow up listening to the music that, in America, is dubbed "classical," and generally not considered to be of interest to children, and so today's Germans sing arias along with folk tunes, much as early New Orleanians of all cultures once did. In November of 1866, the German National Theatre was established at the corner of Baronne and Perdido streets, where Mozart's Die Zauberflöte (1868) and Beethoven's Fidelio (1870) were among the first large-scale German-language productions. In 1877 the Varieties Theatre on Canal Street, later known as the Grand Opera House, mounted Italian-language productions of Der Fliegende Holländer, Lohengrin, and Tannhäuser. During the holiday season of 1895, however, the city rhapsodized over Walter Damrosch's staging, in German, of three of Wagner's "Ring" operas (Die Walküre, Siegfried, and Götterdämmerung), as well as Lohengrin, Tannhäuser, Tristan und Isolde, Die Meistersinger, and Beethoven's Fidelio. The two largest early music publishers in the South, with which locals are still familiar, were Gruenwald and Werlein. These families, along with the Turnverein, sponsored numerous musical celebrations that featured both German and popular music.  The Damenchor (Women's Choir) is lead by Pastor Heinz Neumann at the Deutsche Seemannsmission (German Seamen's Mission), 2007. Photo: Laura Westbrook.  The Mäennerchor (men's choir) and the Damenchor (women's choir) date back to this period and are still very active today. The earliest forms of these clubs were singing societies that perpetuated traditional choral music, as well as both German and German-American culture, while providing gemüetlichkeit for new immigrants. These large groups sing regularly on Friday nights at the Deutsches Haus after meals and visiting. While the choir members go to sing upstairs and some of the other clubs go off to meeting rooms, still more members remain in the main gathering room to hear concerts, eat and drink, and visit. Karlheinz von Bargen, who sings with the Mäennerchor, explains that the music helps to maintain a feeling of connection to Germany and also solidifies ties among Louisiana's residents of German heritage:  Friday night singing and music at Deutsches Haus, New Orleans, 2007. Photo: Courtesy of Stewart Eastman.  At home, we sing with parents, and also with friends. That goes on even here in New Orleans. People sing, even after the rehearsal of singing! We'll sit down here and sing all the old Volksmusik (folk music). The music that connects one most to Germany is the Volksmusik. Sometimes they like to sing old Schlagers. A Schalger is more of the hit music. When they have parties in Germany they sing all kinds of songs, even jazz if they can. We do that here, too. It is important to keep the language going and also to remember all the songs, you know.  You don't have to be perfect. And nobody here complains about the singing. Everybody sings along. Either it's correct or not correct; it doesn't matter. Once you are in a party and there are sings, it doesn't matter if you can sing or not because everybody sings.  Many who participated in interviews echoed Mr. von Bargen's comments about the importance of enjoying music over striving for technical perfection, and of music's ability to elevate the quality of life through beauty and camaraderie. Damenchor president Gail Perry shares these sentiments and points out that pride in German cultural heritage does not conflict in any way with pride in being an American as well, an important concept stressed by many German Americans.  I became a member of the Damenchor for two reasons: I wanted to practice my German as I was taking German language lessons, and I thought it important to keep German song alive in this country. There is also an indescribable feeling that comes over me when I hear some of the traditional lieder [popular German art songs often performed at home or in intimate settings, which rely heavily on vocal range and power]. Could it be in my genes? I don't really know, except that no other nation's song has the same effect. The German community wants to preserve its history and culture just as every other national group attempts to do the same. We are a melting pot, but we don't have to be totally unrecognizable! Being a citizen of the USA comes first, of course, but we do want to know our roots.  Another musical custom with which all Germans in this area are familiar is the traditional Schnitzelbank. This musical form has been traced by historians to 18th-century Germany and also to Holland, Czechoslovakia, Hungary, and other central European countries. To call it a song, with the implication that its lyrics are unchanging, would be misleading. The Schnitzelbank is a singsong method of teaching basic German words and expressions to children in a humorous way. This is the association most often made among German Americans today, and non-German children, due to Steven Spielberg's televised cartoon series "Animaniacs!," which employs the form to teach its audience basic German, are becoming familiar with the form as well.  However, the history of the Schnitzelbank extends beyond children's rhymes. Historically, the musical form has been used as the basis for social and political satire, much as the themes for some of the more local Mardi Gras krewes parody current events. In Germany today, "secret" Schnitzelbank societies gather for the pre-Lenten Karnival festivities, composing and performing versions of the song that lampoon current events, politicians, and other authority figures. The word Schnitzelbank translates literally as "a cutter's bench," but the musical form takes its name from a play on this word. The slang usage of the word "schnitzel" refers to a joke or to a person who is a "cut-up" or jokester, and "bank" as the bench, podium or stage on which the jokester performs. In today's Germany one can still find professional "Schnitzelbankers" who, for a fee, will write a Schnitzelbank song in the traditional form that addresses the contemporary issues specified by the patron.  When the song is used in the most common way, as a guide to language development, it often accompanies a lesson that is drawn out or even carved on a wooden sign. The Deutsches Haus has one of these carved signs and some members have their own wooden, paper, or canvas versions, and occasionally on special events parents and grandparents will sing the song while pointing out the appropriate carvings and drawings to the children.  Traditions Ripe for Revival  There are several customs that have been maintained until recently; some were halted by Hurricane Katrina and others have slowly ebbed until decisions must be made about whether, and how, to bring them back while they are still part of the direct experience of community members. In this category, people interviewed for this project have mentioned the processions that occasionally precede Maifest; the Maipole dances as a regular annual event; the Weihnachtsmarkt (Christmas bazaar), including the craft workshops that led up to it; and Fasching (Carnival). The Maifest traditions have been described earlier in this essay. Following are some descriptions of the Weihnachtsmarkt and Fasching. Louisiana readers may be surprised to learn about Fasching as it is celebrated in Germany and by some Germans in this country.  Frieda Arwe describes the holiday bazaar:  We used to have these workshops, before Christmas or during the year after people got back from vacation, where we would do Christmas stars and we would paint walnuts for ornaments and we would do all different things. We used to have the Weihnachtsmarkt, the Christmas bazaar, we called it, at the German Seemannsmission and then at St. Matthew's Church of Christ, and it was huge! We had the whole upstairs floor at St. Matthew's where they have now the theater. We had that whole room and we would serve food; we would serve German potato salad, and sauerkraut and sausage; our cakes were a howling success, each year I used to make a dozen cheesecakes.  Ingrid Schleh of Harahan agrees:  The yearly Christmas bazaar was always held on the Saturday before Thanksgiving. I believe it started in the early seventies. (I remember driving home from the bazaar and listening to Nixon's "I am not a crook" speech.) When it was at the Mission, leading up to the bazaar we had weekly workshops making different straw stars and we used also colored aluminum foil.  It was a small beginning; people really went for the cakes and cookies. We also had some German toys and different odds and ends. Everything was provided by the Friends of the German Seamen's Mission, with much help and support from the German Council and its members. The Christmas Bazaar became an annual event. From almost the beginning I was in charge of the cake table, which always made the most money. Most of the cakes and cookies were donated but we also bought some from a couple of German bakeries such as the Bonbonniere. The ladies were dressed in dirndls mostly [a traditional dress style with a fitted bodice, short sleeves, and gathered skirt]; lots of friends, neighbors and even strangers came to eat and buy, and it became very successful.  I think everybody had a good time-surely I did-meeting many different people, eating the food, and gazing at the cakes! I like to say that the members of the choir, with Helga Neumann as director, and the board members were especially active in preparing the affair. Heinz Neumann was the host and tied everything together with his family, his wife Helga, daughter Karen, and sons Gunnar and Guenther. He usually addressed the crowd before the bazaar with a few words, and we all finished with the song "Kein schöner Land" [volksong, "No More Beautiful Land"] which we sang with great enthusiasm after a successful bazaar.  Germans refer to the pre-Lenten Fastnacht or Karneval season as die närrische Saison ("the foolish season") or die fünfte Jahreszeit ("the fifth season"). Depending on the region, the Fasching season begins either January 7 (the day after Dreikönige) or on Elfter im Elften (the 11th day of the 11th month). In Germany organizations called Zünfte (guilds, similar to krewes) are arranged into members and royalty, and hold balls and parades until a big final event on Aschermittwoch (Ash Wednesday), when die Fastenzeit (Lent) begins. Many of Germany's Catholic regions celebrate Karneval, as do some Protestant areas in the northern and eastern parts of the country. The largest and most well known observations are those of Köln (Cologne), Mainz, München (Munich), and Rottweil; specific traditions and even dates vary according to local custom. The Bavarian Fasching culminates on Faschingsdienstag (Shrove Tuesday), as does Mardi Gras.  New Orleanians of German heritage have observed Fasching in years past, along with Mardi Gras, but the future of this dual celebration is unclear for various reasons. Deutsches Haus member Stewart Eastman explains one reason:  At the Deutsches Haus, Fasching has been celebrated in recent years along with Mardi Gras. The Haus was open with food, music, and beer the evening that the Endymion parade passed. This, for years, was only a block from the Haus. Whether the Haus continues [the tradition] if Endymion does not return to the Mid City route remains to be seen.  Another reason that the future of Fasching is in doubt is that the Deutsches Haus itself is in jeopardy. The Deutsches Haus membership of roughly 300 is apprehensive about a planned expansion to the LSU biomedical complex. As of this writing, towers are slated to be built on the spot occupied by the Haus and plans call for call for the closure of Galvez Street. Opinions differ on whether it would be possible to move the 80 year old building. A response issued by the newly-formed organization called "Save the Haus," headed by musician and Haus member Rocky Troxler, stipulates: "It is very important to know that we fully support and welcome the hospitals as a great asset to the city." Members and those who have enjoyed its activities are keeping a close watch on these developments.,  Clearly, Germans found ways to thrive amidst the cultural climate, the people, and the traditions they encountered in Louisiana during the days of earliest settlement and, though there have been tense times since, contemporary Germans arriving in Louisiana continue to find similar customs and an established community eager to help them to assimilate and also to retain their cultural heritage. Louisiana's German and German-American population is working to counter the forces that can erode the continuation of cultural practice-migration within families, demands on time, the challenges of interesting young people in traditional customs and arts, scattered population centers, development, even weather-but are organized enough to work toward this goal and have demonstrated interest in building on the New Populations project by documenting their own culture.  Sources  1. Archives Nationales, Ministere des Colonies, Messidor [June 19-July 18] 6, Col., C 13 A, vol. 52, fol. 199, quoted in Ellen C. Merrill, Germans of Louisiana.  2, Ashkenazi, Elliott. The Business of Jews in Louisiana, 1840-1875. Tuscaloosa: U of Alabama P, 1988. p. 6.  3. Fossier, Albert E. New Orleans: The Glamour Period, 1800-1840, a History of the Conflicts of Nationalities, Languages, Religion, Morals, Cultures, Law. New Orleans: Pelican, 1957. p 20.  4. Berthoff, Rowland T. "Southern Attitudes toward Immigration, 1865-1914." Journal of Southern History 17 (1951): 42-49. p. 328-45.  5. Merrill, Ellen C. Germans of Louisiana. Gretna, LA: Pelican Press. 2005.  6. Bischof, Güenter J. Letter to the Times-Picayune, March 30, 2007.  7. "German New Orleans: Highlighting German Heritage in New Orleans." Greater New Orleans Educational Television Foundation. 2004.  8. Higgins, Earl. The Joy of Y'at Catholicism. Gretna, Louisiana: Pelican Press. 2007.  9. Lind, Angus. "Roamin' Catholics: New book celebrates the pervasiveness of 'Y'at Catholicism.'" In The Times- Picayune, Friday, June 22, 2007.  10. Simon Hubig website. http://www.hubigs.com/portal.aspx?tabid=11  Laura Westbrook is a folklorist in New Orleans. As the Regional Folklorist at the University of New Orleans, she prepared this article in 2008 as part of the New Populations Project.  JUMP TO … Background Early Expressions of German Culture in Louisiana Changing Times Tradition and Contemporary Culture Food and Holidays Music Traditions Ripe for Revival Sources  TOP OF PAGE RELATED RESOURCES Germans in Southeast Louisiana A Kinder, Gentler St. Nicholas: Transformation and Meaning in a "Louisiana German" Tradition Louisiana's Traditional Cultures: An Overview Office of Cultural Development  © 1999-2019  Louisiana Division of the Arts | Office of Cultural Development | Dept. of Culture, Recreation & Tourism  Louisiana Folklife Program, PO Box 44247, Baton Rouge, LA 70804, tel 225-342-8180  CREDITS • CONTACT US/LINK TO US
__label__wiki 1fd0b ISIS bans skinny jeans, cigarettes and music in latest crackdown, activists say | Mashable The Mashable 101 Creator Hub Tech Science Life Social Good Entertainment Deals Shopping Games Search The Mashable 101 Creator Hub Apps & Software Artificial Intelligence Cybersecurity Cryptocurrency Mobile Smart Home Social Media Tech Industry Transportation All Tech Space Climate Change Environment All Science Family & Parenting Health & Wellness Sex, Dating & Relationships Sleep Careers Mental Health All Life Activism Gender LGBTQ Racial Justice Sustainability Politics All Social Good Games Movies Podcasts TV Shows Watch Guides All Entertainment Laptops Budget Laptops Dating Apps Sexting Apps Hookup Apps VPNs Robot Vaccuums Robot Vaccum & Mop Headphones Speakers Kindles Gift Guides Mashable Choice Mashable Selects All Sex, Dating & Relationships All Laptops All Headphones All Robot Vacuums All VPN All Shopping Games Adult Friend Finder Bumble Premium Tinder Platinum Kindle Paperwhite PS5 vs PS5 Slim All Reviews All Shopping Deals Newsletters Look Up Mashable's Best: E-readers, robovacs, laptops, earbuds, smart home and more Mashable Selects In Color Say More Gifts for Moms, Dads, and Grads Ranked Safety Net In My Bag Versus AI at School Creator Playbook All Series Mashable Shows All Videos  ISIS bans skinny jeans, cigarettes and music in latest crackdown, activists say   By  Megan Specia Mashable Image Megan Specia Megan Specia was Mashable's Assistant Real-Time News Editor and joined the team in September 2014. She received her Bachelor of Arts degree in Journalism & Mass Communications from the University of New Hampshire after growing up in the Jersey 'burbs. She made her way to New York via a four year stopover in Dublin. Megan previously worked as a journalist and editor at Storyful in both Dublin and New York. Before all of that, though, her claim to fame was as head cake arranger and purveyor of all things sweet at Queen of Tarts cafe in Dublin, where she developed a serious addiction to macarons. Read Full Bio  on April 3, 2015 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Flipboard Original image replaced with Mashable logo Original image has been replaced. Credit: Mashable  Syrian activists say the Islamic State militant group is hitting citizens of Raqqa, its de-facto capital city, with new sanctions on those who wear skinny jeans, smoke cigarettes, play music on their cellphones, and arrive late for prayers at the mosque.  The extremist Islamist group has been in control of the city since September 2013 and has gradually strengthened its grip as it continues its expansion in eastern Syria and northern Iraq, imposing its interpretation of Sunni Islam on local residents.  SEE ALSO: Why children of the west are drawn to ISIS  The activist group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently first reported on the new sanctions introduced in the city.  Due to the closed-off nature of Raqqa, the information is difficult to verify, but Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently regularly provide accurate information from inside the city.  The penalties include imprisonment for a period of ten days, during which time those being held are given an Islamic course. At the end of detention, the offender is given a test on what he has learned.  Those who don’t pass are required to pay a fine and stay imprisoned until they can pass the test, according to an activist who calls himself Abu Ward al-Raqqawi. He says he is still based in the city and relays information out to other activists who post the information on the Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently website.  "The people are angry," he told Mashable in a message. "But they can't do anything."  The crackdown isn't the first of its kind in the city. Video emerged in early 2014 of ISIS militants, who believe smoking goes against their strict religious values, burning cigarettes on the streets of Raqqa.  According to anther founder of the activist group, who goes by the pseudonym Abu Ibrahim al-Raqqawi, the new rules are just part of a larger push by ISIS to take control of the actions of the people in the city.  "Inside Raqqa City there are two different lives. There is the life for ISIS and there is the life for the people," said al-Raqqawi over the phone. "The life for the people, suffering, taxes on them, the ISIS take these taxes and give it to the ISIS fighters. There are no taxes on the ISIS fighters. There is a big wall between the civilian and ISIS fighters."  Al-Raqqawi, who is now based in Turkey but was born and raised in Raqqa, told Mashable that the group gets their information from activists and other sources in the city who use secure messaging to relay information out of the city.  "But every source in the city is our source," said al-Raqqawi.  They have 16 activists working for their group, some who are inside the city and some who have sought refuge in Turkey and Europe.  The biggest stories of the day delivered to your inbox. These newsletters may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. By clicking Subscribe, you confirm you are 16+ and agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Thanks for signing up. See you at your inbox!   • TECH     Android Antivirus Apple Artificial Intelligence Cameras Creative Software Cryptocurrency Desktops Gaming Consoles Headphones Laptops Microsoft Mobile Productivity Smart Home Social Media Speakers Tablets Tech Industry TikTok Transportation TVs VPN Wifi/Routers   • SCIENCE     Animals Climate Change Environment NASA Rocket Launches Space     GAMES     Arcade Card Casino Connections Daily Puzzles Strands Word Wordle     SOCIAL GOOD     DEALS     How we Select Deals   • ENTERTAINMENT     DC Comics Disney HBO Hulu Marvel Movies Music Peacock Pixar Podcasts Streaming TV Shows True Crime     LIFE     Careers Digital Culture Education Family & Parenting Health & Wellness House & Home Mental Health Sex, Dating & Relationships Sleep   • SHOP THE BEST     All Beauty All Earbuds All Kitchen All Robot Vacuums Bluetooth Speakers Budget Laptops Dating Apps E-Readers Gift Guides Headphones Hookup Apps iPads Kindles Laptops Mashable Choice Mashable Selects Speakers Sexting Apps Macbooks Robot Vaccuums Robot Vaccum & Mop VPNs Windows Laptops   • REVIEWS     Adult Friend Finder Bumble Premium Kindle Paperwhite PS5 vs PS5 Slim Tinder Platinum     EVENTS     Black Friday CES Cyber Monday Prime Day Samsung Galaxy Unpacked WWDC     VIDEOS   • About Mashable   • Editorial Standards   • Contact Us   • We're Hiring   • Newsletters   • Sitemap ©2005–2026 Mashable, Inc., a Ziff Davis company. All Rights Reserved. Mashable is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis and may not be used by third parties without express written permission.   • About Ziff Davis   • Privacy Policy   • Terms of Use   • Advertise   • Accessibility   • Do Not Sell My Personal Information 0
ers   • Sitemap ©2005–2026 Mashable, Inc., a Ziff Davis company. All Rights Reserved. Mashable is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis and may not be used by third parties without express written permission.   • About Ziff Davis   • Privacy Policy   • Terms of Use   • Advertise   • Accessibility   • Do Not Sell My Personal Information 0
__label__wiki   • Home   • Forum   • Gallery   • FAQ   • Documents   • Articles   • Trips  Electric Locomotive Classes – AC Electrics  On this page   • Mixed Use Locomotives   • Dedicated Passenger Locomotives   • Dedicated Freight Locomotives  Information on DC, dual-current and other dual-traction locomotives can be found on this page.  Mixed Use Locomotives  WAM-1  Introduced between 1959 and 1960, these were the first AC electrics on IR. Made by the 50 Cycles European Group, 100 of these were delivered. They were mostly deployed by ER in the Howrah-Asansol-Dhanbad-Mughalsarai section. They were less frequently found 'upstream' in the Delhi-Kanpur-Mughalsarai section, and in the Igatpuri-Bhusaval section of the Central Railway. Mostly used for non-express passenger trains, but some were used double-headed for freight service. Some were still in operation on ER (Sealdah-Lalgola passenger, etc.) even in the late 1990s. All of them have been withdrawn from service. One is preserved at the NRM (#20202, 'Jagjivan Ram').  WAM-1 Class WAM-1 Class. Photo courtesy IRFCA Gallery.  2830hp. B-B (monomotor bogies). Ignitron rectifiers feeding four DC traction motors accepting pulsating current input. Motors are connected to the axles by a Jacquemin drive. Speed control by tap-changer on input transformer (motors permanently wired in parallel). Superstructure mounted on bogies with pendular suspension with equalizer beams. Electricals from ACEC, AEG, Alstom, Brown Boveri, Siemens and others. Jeumont transformer (20 taps), Oerlikon exhauster, Arno rotary converter. Air loco brakes, vacuum train brakes.  WAM-1 Specs Builders 50 Cycles European Group (Kraus-Maffei, Krupp, SFAC, La Brugeoise & Nivelle) Traction Motors Siemens/ACEC/Alstom MG 710A (740hp, 1250V, 480A, 1000 rpm, weight 2750kg). Fully suspended, force-ventilated. Gear Ratio 16:65 Transformer Jeumont BOT 3000 Rectifiers Four water-cooled ignitrons from SGT, each rated for 575kW/1250V Pantographs Two Faiveley AM-12 Horsepower 2830hp continuous Axle Load 18.64t Bogies B-B (Monomotor) Weight 74t Starting TE 25 tons at 33.3% adhesion Continuous TE 14.8 tons Max. Speed 112km/h Length Over Buffers 15892mm WAM-2  2870hp Mitsubishi locos delivered between 1961 and 1964. First batch of 10 locos had air brakes for the loco and vacuum train brakes, and the second batch of 26 had only vacuum brakes. These were used on ER, and sometimes ran all the way to New Delhi via Kanpur. They were also used double-headed for freight trains. Four traction motors permanently coupled in parallel are fed by ignitron rectifiers. Speed control is by a tap changer on the input transformer. Mitsubishi transformer, 20 taps. Oerlikon exhauster and compressor, Arno rotary converter. None of this class has been preserved.  WAM-2 Class WAM-2 Class. Photo courtesy IRFCA Gallery. WAM-2 Specs Builders Mitsubishi Traction Motors Mitsubishi MB 3045-A (745hp, 725V, 815A, 1000 rpm, weight 2200kg) Gear Ratio 17:66 Transformer Mitsubishi, 3000kVA Rectifiers 8 Mitsubishi water-cooled ignitrons (GU 31), rated at 725V/390A Pantographs Two Faiveley AM-12 Horsepower 2870hp Axle Load 19.1t Bogies Bo-Bo Weight 76.03t Starting TE 25.2 tons at 33.2% adhesion Continuous TE 14.5 tons Max. Speed 112km/h Length Over Buffers 15000mm WAM-3  Only two of these locos existed (both at Asansol, #20333, #20337). These were basically the same as WAM-2 locos, but with reversed pantographs and Mitsubishi traction motors from a different batch, and silicon rectifiers (type SF-0C20R (725V/2260kW), rectifier cell SR200F) instead of ignitrons. They came along with the second batch of 26 WAM-2 locos. These locos were ordered with silicon rectifiers to improve reliability and hence putting them to use in ER's suburban sections for push-pull operations.  For other specifications, refer to WAM-2 class above.  WAM-4  First introduced in 1970-71, and made by CLW, this class was IR's workhorse AC electric locomotive for well over 20 years. They were born of the desire to address problems with the WAM-1 (reliability, inadequate adhesion etc.). They use the same Co-Co asymmetric ALCo trimount bogies as the successful WDM-2 diesel class. These locos feature rheostatic braking, and MU capability. They have silicon rectifiers. MU operation up to 4 units possible. Air brakes for loco and vacuum train brakes fitted as original equipment (though many converted to dual and fully air-braked to match rolling stock.) Auxiliaries from Westinghouse and Kirloskar (compressors), S F India (blowers), Northey (exhauster), etc.  WAM-4 Class WAM-4 Class. Photo courtesy IRFCA Gallery.  This class proved so successful by virtue of its ruggedness suitable for Indian conditions and simplicity of maintenance, that IR used this basic design for a number of other locos later (WCAM-1, WAG-5A, WCG-2, and some WAP models). Given how long they were in production, a large number of variants existed, both serially produced and modified by various sheds and workshops. WAM-4B's were regeared versions for freight use and many were later modified and converted to other classes (See below). WAM-4P locos were intended for passenger operations, with some regearing and usually allowing all-parallel operation of some or all of the traction motors. WAM-4P D (dual brakes), WAM-4P DB 6P, WAM-4 6P DB HS, and WAM-4 6P D (these were for superfast trains), WAM-4P DB 3P and WAM-4 2S-3P (some superfasts, passengers), and WAM-4P DB 4P (generally for stopping passengers). The 'DB' or 'D' generally, but perhaps not always, indicates dual-brake capability. 'HS' for 'high speed'.  '2S', '3P', '6P', etc. indicate traction motors connected in series or parallel. The WAM-4 has six traction motors, and originally they were wired to be available in different configurations at different power settings. At notches up to 14, all motors were in series (at notch 14 all resistors dropping out); up to notch 21 in series-parallel combinations (three pairs of motors in series, the pairs themselves being in parallel); and further notches with all motors in parallel (at notch 30 all motors are in parallel with resistors dropping out). The WAM-4 locos were later reconfigured to have all motors always in parallel (6P variants) or with the three series-connected pairs in parallel (2S 3P variants). Some WAM-4 locos from CLW were thought to have had the 2S 3P configuration right from the start. The 2S 3P configuration was better for the mixed traffic loads especially as it allowed the locos to start hauling larger loads without stalling. With increasing use of the WAM-4 locos for passenger traffic the all-parallel configuration was deemed more desirable since it allowed higher speeds and higher acceleration. Some other odd combinations of these suffixes have been sighted, such as WAM 4+6P+DB+HS and WAM-4 6P-E.  Many WAM-4 had their MU capability disabled for a long time, before the Tughlakabad shed began restoring them for its fleet to handle high speed container freight operations. WAG-5/WAG-5B locos with road numbers 21101 to 21138 all used to be WAM-4B locos. They were regeared and modified to be suitable for hauling heavier freight loads.  With the introduction of dedicated passenger and freight locos from the mid-90s, these locos began seeing decreasing use, often relegated to either shunting or short distance passenger running. Many sheds began scrapping their holdings from 2013 onwards. As of August 2022, there are only 8 of this class left, all in inferior service at sheds and workshops. These are expected to be scrapped soon. A few of them have been preserved or plinthed at various locations on IR (Bhusawal, Jhansi, Hubballi, CLW etc.)  WAM-4 Specs Builders CLW Traction Motors Alstom TAO 659 A1 (798hp, 750V, 840A, 1095rpm, 2800kg) Gear Ratio 15:62 originally; 21:58 for WAM-4P later Transformer HEIL (later BHEL) BOT 3460 A, 22.5kV/3460kVA Rectifiers Two silicon rectifier cells, 1270V/1000A each cubicle Pantographs Two Faiveley AM-12 Horsepower 3690hp continous Axle Load 18.8t Bogies Co-Co trimount (ALCo) Weight 112.8t Starting TE 30 tons Max. Speed 120km/h Length Over Buffers 19975mm YAM-1  These were IR's only mainline metre gauge AC electric locomotives. 20 in number (18 ordered first, two later) were supplied by Mitsubishi in 1964 and worked the line between Madras and Villupuram on SR. 1600hp locos with B-B monomotor bogies (DC motors permanently coupled in parallel). Air brakes for loco, vacuum train brakes. Oerlikon compressor and exhauster, Arno rotary convertors.  They were in service until 2004 when their operating lines were converted to broad gauge. On June 30, 2004, the last YAM-1 run took place, minutes after the last MG EMU service on the Chennai network reached the Tambaram station. Two of this class are preserved – one at CLW (#21912) and one at the Regional Museum at ICF, Chennai (#21909).  YAM-1 Class YAM-1 Class. Photo courtesy IRFCA Gallery. YAM-1 Specs Builders Mitsubishi Traction Motors ACEC/Alstom/Siemens MG1420. Fully suspended, force-ventilated. 5600kg. 1080kW, 1250V, 920A, 630 rpm Gear Ratio 3.95:1 Transformer Mitsubishi 'Shell Sub', 1690kVA, 25 taps Rectifiers Secheron excitron rectifiers, type A268 (four), 510A/1250V Pantographs Two Faiveley AM-12 Horsepower 1600hp Axle Load 13t Bogies B-B (monomotors) Weight 52t Starting TE 19.5 tons Continuous TE 13.6 tons Max. Speed 80km/h Length Over Buffers 13150mm  Dedicated Passenger Locomotives  WAP-1  Built by CLW to RDSO specifications beginning in 1980, these were the first in the dedicated electric passenger loco series. These locos were used solely for the Howrah-Delhi Rajdhani at first. A single WAP-1 (#22001) was all that was needed to haul the 18-coach Rajdhani at a max. speed of 120 km/h. Power 3760hp; starting TE 22.4t, continuous TE 13.8t. Loco weight is 112.8t. Motors are grouped in 2S-3P combination and weak field operation is available. Elgi compressors, Northey exhausters, S F India blowers. The locos were originally not designed for MU operation but were later modified to allow MU'ing. Loco air brakes and vacuum train brakes but retrofitted for dual train brakes later.  WAP-1 Clas WAP-1 Class. Photo courtesy IRFCA Gallery.  The original WAP-1 locos were modified and re-geared versions of the WAM-4, classified as WAM-4R. Rated max. speed is 130km/h (some documents suggest 140km/h). Some (5?) with Flexicoil Mark II bogies were classified WAP-1 FM II and later WAP-3. Two WAP-1 units were also converted to WAP-6. One of them, #22212, the first prototype WAP-6, was then converted to a WAP-4. Many WAP-1 were converted to WAP-4's by a complete retrofit including new traction motors, new transformers, etc. These upgrades did not result in the 'R' suffix in the road number that is typical for rebuilt locos. Of the class that remain as WAP-1, almost all have had large modifications made to their shell - redesigned frame around the wheels, top mounted headlights, wider and taller windscreens etc.  As of August 2022, 59 of this class are still in service, mostly at Erode and Izzatnagar sheds, with many on the verge of retirement given their age. One, #22004 is preserved at the Arakkonam shed.  Variants  WAP-3: Originally classified as WAP-1 FMII, these are essentially same as WAP-1 but with different Flexicoil bogies (Flexicoil Mark II for the earlier ones, and Flexicoil Mark 4 (fabricated bogies) for some of the later ones, etc.). The first WAP-3 "Jawahar", #22005, Jan. 4, 1987) was used for the Taj Exp. These locos could only haul 19-coach rakes for the Rajdhani and other prestigious Express trains for which they had been designed, and further required assisting locos on moderately graded sections, and so did not meet their design goals. Max. speed 140km/h. All units were converted back to the WAP-1 beginning 1997.  WAP-3 Clas WAP-3 Class. Photo courtesy IRFCA Gallery. WAP-1 Specs Builders CLW Traction Motors Alstom/CLW - TAO 659 (770hp, 750V, 1095 rpm) Axle-hung, nose-suspended, force-ventilated Gear Ratio 58:21 Transformer BHEL type HETT-3900, 3900 kVA, 32 taps Rectifiers Two silicon rectifiers, with S18FN35 cells (by Hind Rectifier) with 64 cells per unit. 2700A/1050V Pantographs Two Faiveley AM-12 Horsepower 3900hp (3790hp continuous) Axle Load 18.05t Bogies Co-Co Flexicoil (cast steel bogies); primary and secondary wheel springs with bolsters Weight 108.3t Starting TE 22.4 tons Continuous TE 13.8 tons Max. Speed 130km/h Length Over Buffers 18794 WAP-2  These were a very odd experimental class. A few WAM-2 were re-geared and fitted with modified flexicoil fabricated bogies to increase their speeds and stability. These locos were found only on ER. On rare occasions these locos were used to haul the Howrah Raj in the early 1980s. There are thought to have been only 4 of these, and they were decommissioned in the late 1980s.  WAP-4  Built between 1994 and 2015, these are the more powerful cousins of the WAP-1, with Hitachi H5 15250 motors. 5000hp (later 5350hp). Rated at 140km/h. The need to run longer passenger trains (24 to 26 coaches as against the 19-coach capacity of the WAP-1/WAP-3 locos), and also to eliminate the need for bankers in graded sections led RDSO to consider an upgraded design of the WAP-1 loco and the WAP-4 loco design was published in November 1993. Indigenously designed higher power rated silicon rectifiers and 5400kVA transformer. Locomotive reliability is also increased by the use of Hitachi traction motors. Air brakes for loco and train. Different underframe design to handle larger buffing loads. Cast bogie, Flexicoil Mark 1 design. Weight kept to 112t by the use of aluminium plates, thinner underframe, and reducing some components such as extra sanders. Motors grouped in 6P combination; weak field operation possible.  WAP-4 Class WAP-4 Class (old livery and shell design). Photo courtesy IRFCA Gallery.  These locos underwent many minor modifications throughout their production run. In 2000, twin-beam headlights were added. In the mid-2000s, they started being fitted with train-parting/pressure loss alarms, and data recorders for speed, energy consumption, etc. These locos also feature roof mounted twin beam headlights, square WAP-5 type windscreens and a digital notch repeater along with a better layout and good seats for the drivers. A few were provided with signalling lamps on the sides but this does not have seem to have been uniform.  WAP-4 Class (new shell) WAP-4 Class (newer shell design). Photo courtesy IRFCA Gallery.  There are over 700 of this class still in operation as of February 2022, hauling mostly trains running with ICF stock. A few experiments to fit them with hotel load capabilities did not succeed so they are not often assigned to LHB stock (with run with HOG capable WAP-7). The first batch of WAP-4 were multi-unit capable, but most of the newer ones aren't. However, starting in 2020, there have been directives to revive or retrofit MU capabilities in these locos. With their dwindling passenger train use, it was felt that they might be used MU'ed for fast freight operations.  Note on the traction motors: The Alstom-designed 770hp TAO motors used in the WAP-1 and WAP-3 were seen as the weak link in the reliability of the locos for passenger train use. At the time, Hitachi motors of 840hp were in use on freight locos and had very high reliability, but adapting them for use with a passenger loco proved a formidable challenge because of the weight constraints. The WAP-4 design efforts involved many modifications for weight reduction, including a lighter underframe, aluminium foil-wound transformer, and the use of aluminium chequered plates, and these have allowed the use of the heavier, but more powerful and more reliable Hitachi motors on the WAP-4 locos.  Variants  WAP-6: All are now converted back to WAP-4. One or two prototypes were built early from existing WAP-1 or WAP-4 locos without renumbering. WAP-4 #22212 (formerly a WAP-1) was the first to be converted to a WAP-6; Later 16 were built, all in the number series 22400-22416. All featured high-adhesion fabricated bogies (Flexicoil Mark IV) which are somewhat similar to the ALCo Hi-Adhesion bogies, a lighter underframe, reduced no. of sanders etc. They were intended for service at 160km/h but failed trials and were restricted to a top speed of 105km/h. They were all based at Asansol shed (on ER).  WAP-4 Specs Builders CLW Traction Motors Hitachi HS15250 (630kW, 750V, 900A. 895rpm. Weight 3500kg). Axle-hung, nose-suspended, force ventilated, taper roller bearings. Gear Ratio 23:58 Transformer HETT-5000kVA initially, later HETT-5400kVA; 32-taps Rectifiers Two silicon rectifiers; S18FN350 cells (Hind Rectifier or Stesalit) with 64 cells per unit. 2700A/1050V. Pantographs Two Stone India AM-12 (many types later - Schunk, Faiveley, Contransys) Horsepower 5000hp (later 5350hp) Axle Load 18.8t Bogies Co-Co Flexicoil Mark-1 cast Weight 112.8t Starting TE 30.8 tons Continuous TE 19.6 tons Max. Speed 140km/h (Tested at 169.5km/h) Length Over Buffers 18794 WAP-5  Bo-Bo, 3-phase all AC locomotives, based on Swiss Lok 2000 design. First batch of 10 were imported from ABB/AdTranz in 1995 (actually 11, but one #30008 was damaged by fire in transit and deemed unusable on arrival.) CLW has since been manufacturing them. Initial units all had GTO thyristors for traction control, but units post #30082 are IGBT based. Rated top speed is 160km/h, although in trials a WAP-5 loco is said to have been run at 184km/h. Initial rating was 5450hp, but improvements to the control software have resulted in power delivery of 6000hp to the wheels. Auxiliaries from ABB, Howden Safanco, BEHR, etc. 78t weight. Fully suspended motors.  WAP-5 class loco WAP-5 Class. Photo courtesy IRFCA Gallery.  Other notable features of this loco are the provision of taps from the main loco transformers for hotel load, pantry loads, flexible gear coupling, wheel-mounted disc brakes, and a potential for speed enhancement to 200km/h. Braking systems include regenerative braking (160kN), loco disc brakes, automatic train air brakes, and a charged spring parking brake. MU operation possible with a maximum of two locos. Initially, these locos were intended for use with high-speed medium load trains such as the Rajdhani and Shatabdi trains, but have since been used on heavier loads. They were originally only homed at Ghaziabad shed (NR), but Vadodara (WR) started receiving a large number of them when the Mumbai network became all AC. They are now also now based at Howrah.  After the first four were built by CLW, there was a pause in the manufacture of this class at CLW. A problem with the Hurth coupling and its indigenous replacement were the cause of the delay (IR not wanting to import this expensive component and drive up manufacturing costs.) In late 2014, locally manufactured components passed trials and production was resumed.  #30086 has a different gear ratio (59:35:19) and control software intended for operations at 200km/h. No actual trials have taken place at that speed, as no current permanent way supports such a speed. #30164 features a more aerodynamic profile, ostensibly to run at higher speeds. In October 2020, #35012 & #35013 were manufactured with one cab having an aerodynamic profile, while the other having a flat front. These were intended for use on Tejas Expresses in a push-pull configuration, but no actual run in this style has taken places. Both these locos are now being used to haul regular express and passenger trains.  WAP-5 Specs Builders ABB/CLW Traction Motors ABB 6FXA 7059 3-phase squirrel cage induction motors (1150kW, 2180V, 370/450A, 1583/3147 rpm). Forced-air ventilation, fully suspended. Gear Ratio 67:35:17 (3-stage gears) Transformer Type LOT-7500 by ABB, Hi-Volt, BHEL Power Convertor (original GTO) Power convertor from ABB, type UW-2423-2810 with SG 3000G X H24 GTO thyristors (D 921S45 T diodes), 14 thyristors per unit (two units). Line convertor rated at 2 x 1269V @ 50Hz, with DC link voltage of 2180V. Drive convertor rated at 2180V phase to phase, 953A output current per phase, motor frequency from 0 to 160Hz. Pantographs Two Faiveley AM-92 (many types later - Schunk, Stone India, Contransys, Brecknell Willis) Horsepower 6000hp (5450hp originally) Axle Load 19.5t Bogies Bo-Bo Henschel Flexifloat Weight 78t Starting TE 26.3 tons Continuous TE 22.4 tons Max. Speed 160km/h Length Over Buffers 18162mm WAP-7  IR's modern workhorse loco. First introduced in 2000, there are now over 1400 in service making them the most numerous passenger locomotive. Based on the WAG-9 (see below), with modified gear ratio, control software and reduction in weight. Initial models were rated at 6125hp total power and 33000 kgf (323kN) tractive effort. Modifications during continuing trials resulted in improved performance with the loco now yielding 6350hp total power and 36000 kgf (352.8kN) tractive effort. Braking systems as in the WAP-5, with regenerative braking rated at 183kN in the first units and 260kN in the later ones. Max. tested speed is 160km/h, rated for 140km/h.  WAP-7 Class WAP-7 Class. Photo courtesy IRFCA Gallery.  Like the WAP-5, all initial ones featured GTO based traction control systems, but IGBT based ones started appearing in the early 2010s. These were given the subclass WAP-7i initially, but with all locos being manufactured with IGBT controllers subsequently, this has been done away with, and all locos are classed WAP-7. Early units also did not have hotel load capability, but starting 2015, this became part of the standard equipment. Older locos are being retrofitted with the capability during overhauls. Some locos are also push-pull capable (Kalyan shed has a pair of these (#30579, #30580) that haul CR's Rajdhani Express to H.Nizamuddin.) Recent units also feature one high-rise pantograph as original equipment in case they are needed to service lines that act as feeders to the Western DFC.  Variants  WAP-7HS: HS for 'High Speed'. This is a one-off variant (#30750) designed in 2019 to increase the base model's max. speed to 180km/h and make it possible to haul 24-coach loads at 160km/h. Loco weight has been reduced by 14.5t (how??); Max. axle load reduces to 18.08t; Changed gear ratio (70:22); Tweaks to the control software. Trials were conducted at 180km/h on the Kota-Sawai Madhopur section on WCR. It is not clear if these trials were successful and if more of this variant is being considered for serial production. #30750 continues to haul trains at a max of 130km/h.  Builders CLW Traction Motors 6FRA 6068 3-phase squirrel-cage induction motors (850kW, 2180V, 1283/2484 rpm, 270/310A). Forced ventilation, axle-hung, nose-suspended. Gear Ratio 72:20 Transformer Type LOT-7500/7775 by ABB, Hi-Volt, BHEL Power Controller GTO: UW-2423-2810 with SG 3000G X H24 GTO thyristors from ABB; IGBT: 5SNA 1200G450300 from BHEL, MEDHA Pantographs Two Secheron 103-2500 (many types later - Schunk, Stone India, Contransys, Faiveley) Horsepower 6350hp Axle Load 20.5t Bogies Co-Co, ABB bogies Weight 123t Starting TE 36 tons Max. Speed 140km/h Length Over Buffers 20562mm  Dedicated Freight Locomotives  WAG-1  Among the first AC electrics to run in India. These were a dedicated freight followup to the mixed use WAM-1. The first 30 were made by the 50 Cycles European group, with the rest made by CLW using supplied kits. 2850hp, monomotor bogies with B-B wheel arrangement, Jacquemin drives (?) and excitron rectifiers. Motors are permanently coupled in parallel, with speed control by transformer taps. Air brakes for loco, vacuum train brakes as original equipment. Regenerative braking provided. Typically French features include elongated 'D'-shaped buffers. The Indian modifications included addition of a cowcatcher, CBC couplers, and a large roof-mounted searchlight-style head lamp. Although sterling performers, some of their highly advanced features such as the spring-borne traction motors, etc., did not suit Indian conditions.  WAG-1 Class WAG-1 Class. Photo courtesy IRFCA Gallery.  Several were based at Arakkonam, Vijayawada, Baroda, and other places. Most were decommissioned by the 1990s, although a few were seen still in use in 2000 or so. Two units (the last ones, #20790, #20791) built by CLW in 1964 were denoted WAG-1S; it is not clear how they were different from the others.  WAG-1 Specs Builders 50 Cycles Group, CLW Traction Motors AEC/Alstom/Siemens MG1420. Two motors (monomotor bogies), force-ventilated, fully suspended. Gear Ratio 3.95:1 Transformer MFO, type BOT 3150. 22.5kV/3000kVA. 32 taps Rectifiers Four Secheron A268 excitrons, 510A/1250V Pantographs Two Faiveley AM-12 Horsepower 2850hp Axle Load 21.3t Bogies B-B (monomotors) Weight 85.2t Starting TE 30 tons at 35% adhesion Continuous TE 23.7 tons Max. Speed 80km/h Length Over Buffers 17092mm WAG-2  Made by Hitachi, they were the alternative to the European WAG-1. 45 of these were delivered between 1964-1965 (IR numbers 20804-20848). B-B bogies, monomotor design with motors permanently coupled in parallel, silicon rectifiers, rheostatic braking provided, Westinghouse compressor, Northey exhauster. These were based at Asansol on ER when they were inducted, and regularly hauled both freight and ordinary passenger trains. They were moved to Bhusawal and Itarsi sheds on CR in the early 1980s from where they retired in the late 1990s. None of them have been preserved.  WAG-2 Specs Builders Hitachi Traction Motors Hitachi EFCO HKK (1270kW, 1250V, 1080A, 695rpm, weight 5300kg) Gear Ratio 3.88:1 Transformer Hitachi AFI-AMOC, 3700kVA, 32 taps Rectifiers AEV-48 silicon rectifiers, 2040A / 2550kW Pantographs Two Faiveley AM-12 Horsepower 3400hp Axle Load 21.3t Bogies B-B (monomotors) Weight 85.2t Starting TE 30 tons at 37% adhesion Continuous TE 22.6 tons Max. Speed 80km/h Length Over Buffers 16882mm WAG-3  10 of these locos were supplied by the 50 Cycles group in 1965. 3150hp, B-B monomotor bogies, silicon rectifiers, air loco brakes, vacuum train brakes and rheostatic braking. MU operation of upto 4 were possible. These are essentially the precursor to the indigineously assembled WAG-4 (see below).  WAG-4  186 were built between 1967 and 1969 by CLW, with equipment from the 50 Cycles group. The DC traction motors for these were the first to be manufactured indigenously by CLW. Other auxiliary components were also made domestically. Most of these locos were based at Kanpur shed on NR. B-B monomotor bogies, silicon rectifiers, air loco brakes, vacuum train brakes, rheostatic brakes. Upto four locos could be operated as multi-unit. Some locos were converted to dual brake systems. While they were primarily freight locomotives, they were also used to haul short-haul passenger trains.  WAG-4 Class WAG-4 Class. Photo courtesy IRFCA Gallery. WAG-4 Specs Builders CLW Traction Motors AGEC MG 1580 A1 (1160kW, 1270V, 1040A, 690 rpm, weight 5850kg). Fully suspended, bogie-mounted. Gear Ratio 3.95:1 Transformer Oerlikon BOT 3460, 32 taps Rectifiers Two GL 82220 silicon rectifiers, 1000A/1270kW/1270V Pantographs Two Faiveley AM-12 Horsepower 3150hp Axle Load 21.9t Bogies B-B (monomotors) Weight 87.6t Starting TE 30 tons at 34% adhesion Continuous TE 23.2 tons Max. Speed 80km/h Length Over Buffers 17216mm WAG-5  The initial batch of these were actually re-geared WAM-4 locos classified WAM-4B (#21100-#21138). Serial production with a slightly modified traction motor (3900hp vs 3850hp), heavier frame to improve adhesion etc. began in 1984. Co-Co bogies based on ALCo trimount design. TE 382kN (33500kgf); continuous TE 202kN (20600kgf). Adhesion 29%. A very successful class, and probably the one with the most numbers produced. There are many variants of these, starting with the plain WAG-5. WAG-5A locos have Alsthom motors. Later versions were WAG-5H and variants with Hitachi motors: WAG-5HA by CLW and WAG-5HB built by BHEL to RDSO's specifications.  WAG-5A class WAG-5A Class. Photo courtesy IRFCA Gallery.  Auxiliaries are from many sources: typically Elgi compressors, Northey exhausters, and other equipment from S F India, but many variations exist. Speed control by parallel combinations of motors and weak field operation. Air brakes for loco, dual train brakes are original equipment. Equipped for rheostatic braking. The original WAG-5 units had a top speed of 80km/h. Many variants have a gear ratio of 21:58, the same as that of the WAM-4 6P, which allows these WAG-5 locos to be used for mixed applications including hauling passenger trains at 100km/h.  Although a great improvement over earlier locomotive classes, the WAG-5 models do have limitations, one of which is the inability to start and haul large loads (4700t -- 58 BOXN wagons) on gradients steeper than 1:200 or so. WAG-5 locos can be used as multiple units in configurations of 2, 3, 4, or more locos. With the large influx of WAG-7 and WAG-9 locos in recent years, use of these locos has steadily declined, with many being scrapped. As mentioned above, some WAG-5 with modified gear ratios haul local passenger trains, but as EMUs take over these kinds of trains, their use in such cases has also declined.  WAG-5 Specs Builders CLW, BHEL Traction Motors Alstom TAO 659 (575kW, 750V, 1070 rpm) or TAO 656 or Hitachi HS 15250A; Axle-hung, nose-suspended. Six motors. Gear Ratio 62:16 or 62:15 with Alstom motors, some 64:18 (Hitachi motors), many now 58:21 for mixed use Transformer BHEL, type HETT-3900. 3900kVA, 22.5kV, 182A. 32 taps Rectifiers Silicon rectifiers (two) using 64 S-18FN-350 diodes each from Hind Rectifier, 2700A/1050V per cubicle Pantographs Two Faiveley AM-12 Horsepower 3900hp Axle Load 19.8t Bogies Co-Co cast bogies (ALCo trimount) Weight 118.8t Starting TE 33.5 tons at 29% adhesion Continuous TE 20.6 tons Max. Speed 100km/h Length Over Buffers 19974mm WAG-6  These are actually three distinct types of locomotives, oddly assigned a single class! WAG-6A models are from ASEA, while WAG-6B and WAG-6C are from Hitachi. They are all 6000hp locos with thyristor-controlled DC traction motors. Until about 1993 they were the most powerful freight locos in IR's fleet. The development of this technology (chopper control) stopped when the (better) AC motor technology was introduced in IR in the form of the WAP-5 and WAG-9 locomotives.  WAG-6A Class WAG-6A Class. Photo courtesy IRFCA Gallery.  WAG-6A and WAG-6B locos have Bo-Bo-Bo wheel arrangements, whereas the WAG-6C locos have a Co-Co arrangement. Six bogie-mounted separately excited DC traction motors are used, and speed control is via the manipulation of the phase angle by a thyristor converter and a separately powered field coil. Microprocessor control with ground speed detection (slip control) and creep control system to maximize adhesion. Air brakes for loco and train; dynamic brakes provided. The WAG-6 series locos are the only ones with 'vestibules' to connect between MU'd locos. WAG-6A locos have half-height vestibules and WAG-6B and WAG-6C locos have full-height vestibules. The WAG-6A models are said to be upgradable to 160km/h but IR never tried this out. All WAG-6 variants can be used in MU pairs but not with more than 2 locos.  WAG-6C Class WAG-6C Class. Photo courtesy IRFCA Gallery.  The WAG-6A body shells were built by SGP in Austria; the rest of the locos were built and the entire units assembled in Västerås, Sweden by ASEA. ASEA constructed a special length of 1.67m (BG) track for testing these before delivery. The locos were fitted with BG bogies at Göteborg harbour after being transported there on standard gauge bogies. The first WAG-6A was delivered around December 1987 and the remaining five in January 1988.  All WAG-6 locos are based at Waltair (Vishakapatnam) shed and have been used used for ore freights and material trains on the Kirandul-Kottavalasa line. They were in regular use until 2000 when maintenance problems began affecting their use. In Oct. 2002 the WAG-6A were technically suspended from operations for POH for a while. Most of the WAG-6B and WAG-6C were also similarly suspended at different times. However, they were revived soon and continued service for a few more years until about 2015. With the influx of modern WAG-9 locos, the WAG-6 were soon relegated to odd shunting jobs around marshalling yards near Vishakapatnam. Out of the 18 locomotives of this class, only 5 are in service as of February 2021 (2 WAG-6B, 3 WAG-6C). One each of the various sub-classes are preserved at the Waltair shed (#26000 WAG-6A; #26010 WAG-6B; #26020 WAG-6C).  WAG-6 Specs (all sub-classes) Builders WAG-6A: ASEA; WAG-6B/6C: Hitachi Traction Motors WAG-6A: ASEA L3 M 450-2; Six motors, fully suspended, force-ventilated, separately excited, 3100kg; WAG-6B: Hitachi HS 15556-OIR, bogie mounted, force-ventilated, compound-wound, 3200kg; WAG-6C: Hitachi HS 15256-UIR, axle-hung nose-suspended, force-ventilated, compound-wound, 3650kg Transformer WAG-6A: ASEA TMZ 21, 7533kVA; WAG-6B/6C: Hitachi AFIC-MS, 6325kVA Thyristor Controller WAG-6A: 24 YST 45-26P24C thyristors each with 24 YSD35-OIP26 diodes, 2x511V, 2x4500A; WAG-6B/6C: 32 CGOIDA thyristors each with 24 DSP2500A diodes. 2x720A, 850V Pantographs WAG-6A: Two Stemman BS 95; WAG-6B/6C: Two Faiveley LV2600 Horsepower WAG-6A: 6280hp; WAG-6B/6C: 6050hp Axle Load WAG-6A: 20.5t; WAG-6B/6C: 20.5t Bogies WAG-6A: Bo-Bo-Bo; WAG-6B: Bo-Bo-Bo; WAG-6C: Co-Co Weight WAG-6A: 123t; WAG-6B/6C: 123t Starting TE WAG-6A: 46 tons; WAG-6B/6C: 45 tons Continuous TE WAG-6A: 32 tons; WAG-6B/6C: 32 tons Max. Speed WAG-6A: 120km/h; WAG-6B/6C: 100km/h Length Over Buffers WAG-6A: 20600mm; WAG-6B/6C: 19700mm WAG-7  Built by CLW to RDSO specifications, these represent the next indigenous design step up from the WAG-5 locomotives. Used primarily for goods haulage, these locos have a Co-Co wheel arrangement with high-adhesion bogies (shared with WCAG-1, WCAM-3, WDG-2/3A) and Hitachi motors providing 5000hp. Starting TE 402kN (41000kgf); continuous TE 235kN (24000kgf). Adhesion 34.5%. The higher tractive effort compared to the WAG-5 locos allows them to attain higher balancing speeds under load. The first 71 of these all went to the Mughalsarai shed. Kanpur was the second shed to get these locos.  WAG-7 class WAG-7 Class. Photo courtesy IRFCA Gallery.  Traction motors are permanently coupled in parallel. Max. speed is 100km/h. Air brakes and dynamic (rheostatic) brakes for loco, dual train brakes. MU operation with up to 4 units is possible. Traction equipment such as the smoothing reactor, etc., are all higher rated than in the WAG-5 due to the higher currents this loco draws. Auxiliaries include Rigi compressor, Arno rotary converters, Siemens smoothing reactor, Northey exhauster; other auxiliaries such as blowers from S F India. A number of these locos have been retrofitted with static converters to power the auxiliaries, replacing the older Arno rotary converters. These static converters are more efficient and require less maintenance, besides having self-diagnostic systems to make troubleshooting easier.  Two locomotives in this class were designated WAG-7H. experimentally modified to provide higher TE by increasing their weight. Oscillation trials were conducted on a ballasted WAG-7 (#27002) around 1995, and then a new WAG-7 loco was built by CLW to have higher weight using thicker plates in the underframe of the loco (#27061, 1995). Weight is 132t, max. TE 441kN (45000 kgf). Traction motors are Hitachi HS15250-G, perhaps a minor variant of HS15250.  WAG-7 class BHEL Made WAG-7 Class. Photo courtesy IRFCA Gallery.  In 2008, these locos underwent minor internal changes and extensive cosmetic ones. The flat fronted cab gave way to the sloped profile from the WAP-4 which made the cab larger and shifted certain components inside the machine room. Also in 2008, BHEL started manufacturing these according to specs from RDSO. These locos (in the 245xxx number range) carried over the new shell design, but had significant changes inside the cab – joystick for the master controller instead of the wheel, air-conditioning as standard, improved 3-way adjustable seats etc. Serial production of this class stopped in 2015 (in favour of the 3-phase WAG-9).  WAG-7 Specs Builders CLW Traction Motors Hitachi HS15250-G (630kW, 750V, 900A. 895rpm. Weight 3650kg). Axle-hung, nose-suspended, force ventilated, taper roller bearings. Gear Ratio 65:18 Transformer CCL India, type CGTT-5400, 5400kVA, 32 taps Rectifiers Two silicon rectifiers, cell type S18FN350 (from Hind Rectifier), 64 per bridge, 2700A / 1050V per cubicle Pantographs Two Stone India AN-12 Horsepower 5000hp Axle Load 20.5t Bogies Fabricated Co-Co high-adhesion based on ALCo design Weight 123t Starting TE 41 tons at 34.5% adhesion Continuous TE 24t Max. Speed 100km/h Length Over Buffers 20934mm WAG-8  These were an experimental class built by BHEL in 1996. Only two were made, with no IR running numbers. Similar appearance to the WCAM-2/3 locos. 5000hp with thyristor chopper control of DC motors with Flexicoil Mark IV high-adhesion bogies. These locos were designed to be the next evolution of the WAG-7, with some of the more sophisticated technology borrowed from the WAG-6. Both units now lie mothballed at a siding at BHEL's plant in Bhopal.  WAG-8 class WAG-8 Class. Photo courtesy IRFCA Gallery. WAG-9  IR's workhorse electric freight locomotive, with over 3000 in service as of August 2022. These were first imported from ABB in 1996, but CLW started serial production with indigenous components in November 1998. Co-Co, 6125hp, 3-phase all AC traction motors. Until 2010, traction control was via GTO thyristors, but since then all have IGBT based control. Initial auxiliaries from ABB, Landert, Behr, Howden Safanco, etc. but now indigenous. Air brakes for both locomotives and train. Regenerative brakes provide about 260kN of braking effort. 2 units can be coupled in multi-unit configurations.  WAG-9 Class WAG-9 Class. Photo courtesy IRFCA Gallery.  The WAG9's have undergone significant internal design changes since their induction to better suit Indian conditions and loads. The first such change was improving their adhesion characteristics by providing extra ballast (welded in four locations in the machine room). Weight increased from 123t to 132t. These locos are classified as WAG-9H. First one (#31130) was at Gomoh, but was deballasted later because of certain concerns about weight. These concerns were addressed soon with all subsequent locos being made to this heavier specification. The second revision was the provision of IGBT based traction control instead of GTO thyristors starting 2010. These locos were initially classified as WAG-9I, but this designation was short-lived, with locos being simply marked WAG-9H in subsequent production runs.  The third significant change happened in 2016-17, when the brake rigging in these locos was changed. Up until this point, WAG-9/WAG-9Hs had TBUs (Tread Breaking Units) which provided finer control over braking individual axles, especially during wheel slips. But these systems were proving to be unreliable and more expensive to maintain. RDSO decided to replace these TBUs in WAG-9s with more conventional braking systems found in other locomotives. These WAG-9s were designated WAG-9HC. All WAG-9s produced since then are of this type, with many of the older fleet being retrofitted during overhauls.  Builders ABB, CLW, DLW, DMW Traction Motors 6FRA 6068 (850kW, 2180V, 1283/2484 rpm, 270/310A. Weight 2100kg) Axle-hung, nose-suspended Gear Ratio 77:15, 64:18 Transformer ABB LOT 6500, 4x1450kVA Traction Control ABB made UW-2423-2810 with SG 3000G X H24 GTO thyristors, BHEL/Medha SSNA 1200G450300 IGBT with D921S45T diodes Pantographs Initially Secheron ES10 1Q3-2500, but many later including high-reach ones from Faiveley, Contransys etc. Horsepower 6125hp Axle Load WAG-9: 20.5t, WAG-9H/HC: 22.5t Bogies Co-Co, ABB bogies Weight WAG-9: 123t, WAG-9H/HC: 132t Starting TE WAG-9: 46 tons, WAG-9H: 53 tons Max. Speed 100km/h Length Over Buffers 20562mm WAG-9HH  These are 9000hp variants of the WAG-9H. As of February 2021, three of them have been produced and are undergoing trials over SECR and SCR. They feature upgraded equipment (traction motors, transformers etc.) from Siemens, BHEL and Medha within the same space envelope and shell design of the WAG-9. Further specifics are unknown at the moment, as is IR's production plan for them.  WAG-10  Initially classified as WAGC-3, these are an experimental class that take WDG-3A diesel locos due for mid-life overhaul and convert them to electric locomotives by utilizing traction motors, bogies and other common components. IR's goal with this type of locomotive was to increase its fleet of electrics at a rapid pace given the vast number of diesel still available. But with less than satisfactory running trials and financial trade-offs, this class is not likely to see further development or production.  WAG-10 Class WAG-10 Class. Photo courtesy Wikimedia Commons. CC BY-SA 4.0.  10000hp twin section locos, utilizing two WDG3-A's as the base. Transformers and other electrical equipment replace the ALCo prime mover in the body. Each section gets one pantograph for power collection. Two of these were produced in 2018-19, both homed at Bondamunda shed on SER. #10001 features cab designs from the WDG-3A (with modified controls for an electric loco) with side walls and panels from a WAG-5/WAM-4 locomotive. The second one #10002 has similar side walls and panels, but cabs from the WAG-9.  WAG-11  Another experimental diesel to electric conversion class, this time based on the WDG-4. 12000hp, twin section locos, Co-Co+Co-Co. Traction motors, bogies and other common electrical components from the diesel mated to a WAG-9 shell and cab. GTO based traction control convertors replaced with IGBT based ones. Transformers and other diagnostics/control features come from the WAG-9, with ABB enhancing its software to suit the EMD traction motors better. 2x540 KN maximum tractive effort, with 2x270 KN of regenerative braking effort.  WAG-11 Class WAG-11 Class. Photo courtesy Protkarsh Kumar.  Three of this class have been manufactured by BLW/DLW since 2018. All three have significant differences to each other, despite sharing the same class code. #29001 has the transformer mounted on the body, with changed equipment layouts, a different roof design, an elongated side wall and a modified WDG-4 underframe. #29002 carries much the same design as the previous one, except the transformer is underslung, making the roof design simpler. Equipment layout also is the same as WAG-9. #29003 has cabs on both ends of each section, making each section independently operable in any direction. #29003 also features a modified underframe from a WAP-7 rather than WDG-4. Control, equipment and shell exactly as the WAG-9. This loco also has four pantographs rather than two of the previous units.  Like the WAG-10, this class is not expected to enter serial production. All three units were initialy allocated to the Tughlakabad shed of WCR, but transferred later to Bondamunda on SER where they are seen hauling loads in mineral heavy lines.  WAG-12/12B  Based on Alstom's Prima 2 T8 platform, these are IR's most powerful locomotives in service currently. Twin section, Bo-Bo+Bo-Bo, 12000hp with a maximum tractive effort of 705kN. Axle weight of 22.5t, though a 25t variant is being planned. They can start a 6000 ton train on a 1:150 gradient. Traction motors and transformers from ABB. Each section has one cab with a vestibule connecting both. Two high-reach pantographs, one per section. In a first for freight locomotives on IR, fully blended brakes (regenerative and pneumatic air) are standard equipment. Also as part of standard equipment are a display unit with touch controls to replicate hardware switches. These locos also have crew friendly features like toilets and air-conditioning. They are primarily intended for use on the Eastern DFC, but until that is fully ready, they are being utilised over IR's regular network hauling heavy freight.  WAG-12 Class WAG-12/12B Class. Photo courtesy Alstom.  After a global search for suppliers, Alstom won the contract in 2015 with the promise to build 800 locos of this class at a dedicated plant in Madhepura, Bihar. The initial version of this locomotive, classified as WAG-12, had a lot of issues related to ride quality during proving trials. RDSO and Alstom went back to the drawing board and revised a host of things – bogie solebar changed from flat to gooseneck shaped; traction link coupling changed from below the driving cab to middle of the body; distance between bogies increased by nearly 2000mm with a corresponding increase in body length. This variant classified WAG-12B proved successful in trials and is now the only one being produced.  Alstom will provide technical and maintenance for 13 years post production after which IR will assume responsibility. All locos are currently homed at an exclusive shed managed by Alstom at Saharanpur on NR. A second shed at Nagpur is due to be commissioned in October 2022.  WAG-12/12B Specs Builders Alstom Traction Motors ABB 6FRA 4576D; asynchronous 3-phase induction motors; 3775v, 1508hp at 1750rpm; Nose suspended, force ventilated; 2700kg Transformer ABB transformer Traction Control IGBT Pantographs Two Brecknel Willis high-rise, one for each section Horsepower 12069hp Axle Load 22.5t Bogies Bo-Bo+Bo-Bo Weight 180t Starting TE 705 tons Max. Speed 100km/h Length Over Buffers 19200mm per unit, 38400mm total Related Sections   • General information on locomotives   • Diesel locomotives   • Locomotive sheds   • Production units and workshops   • Technical documents   • IRFCA Picture Gallery: Electric Locomotives Join The IRFCA Forums  Note: This site is not officially affiliated with Indian Railways. The official web site of Indian Railways is: http://www.indianrailways.gov.in  Contact Us    • General: webmaster@irfca.org   • Gallery Related: gallery@irfca.org   • Forum Related: moderators@irfca.org   • Historical Research & Contributions: webmaster@irfca.org  Other Links    • About   • Acknowledgments   • Legal Information & Disclaimers  Copyright © 2010–2021, IRFCA.org
d from below the driving cab to middle of the body; distance between bogies increased by nearly 2000mm with a corresponding increase in body length. This variant classified WAG-12B proved successful in trials and is now the only one being produced.  Alstom will provide technical and maintenance for 13 years post production after which IR will assume responsibility. All locos are currently homed at an exclusive shed managed by Alstom at Saharanpur on NR. A second shed at Nagpur is due to be commissioned in October 2022.  WAG-12/12B Specs Builders Alstom Traction Motors ABB 6FRA 4576D; asynchronous 3-phase induction motors; 3775v, 1508hp at 1750rpm; Nose suspended, force ventilated; 2700kg Transformer ABB transformer Traction Control IGBT Pantographs Two Brecknel Willis high-rise, one for each section Horsepower 12069hp Axle Load 22.5t Bogies Bo-Bo+Bo-Bo Weight 180t Starting TE 705 tons Max. Speed 100km/h Length Over Buffers 19200mm per unit, 38400mm total Related Sections   • General information on locomotives   • Diesel locomotives   • Locomotive sheds   • Production units and workshops   • Technical documents   • IRFCA Picture Gallery: Electric Locomotives Join The IRFCA Forums  Note: This site is not officially affiliated with Indian Railways. The official web site of Indian Railways is: http://www.indianrailways.gov.in  Contact Us    • General: webmaster@irfca.org   • Gallery Related: gallery@irfca.org   • Forum Related: moderators@irfca.org   • Historical Research & Contributions: webmaster@irfca.org  Other Links    • About   • Acknowledgments   • Legal Information & Disclaimers  Copyright © 2010–2021, IRFCA.org
__label__wiki 11cf Attention Required! | Cloudflare Please enable cookies.  Sorry, you have been blocked  You are unable to access antiquesforeveryone.co.uk  Why have I been blocked?  This website is using a security service to protect itself from online attacks. The action you just performed triggered the security solution. There are several actions that could trigger this block including submitting a certain word or phrase, a SQL command or malformed data.  What can I do to resolve this?  You can email the site owner to let them know you were blocked. Please include what you were doing when this page came up and the Cloudflare Ray ID found at the bottom of this page.  Cloudflare Ray ID: 9fd08cfa5df21db5 • Your IP: 20.45.39.144 • Performance & security by Cloudflare  0
__label__wiki 8000 Switzerland | Freedom House Skip to main content Accessibility Freedom House Logo - Torch next to words Freedom House  Primary Navigation    • Our Issues   • Countries   • Policy Recommendations   • Explore the Map Expanding Freedom and Democracy.  Quicklinks    • Events   • News & Perspectives   • Find A Country   • Explore The Map   • Careers  Mega Menu    • Our Issues     • Election Integrity     • Democracy During Pandemic     • Authoritarian Reach     • Technology & Democracy     • Democracies in Decline     • Equality & Human Rights     • Freedom of Assembly     • Freedom of Expression     • Government Accountability & Transparency     • Media Freedom     • Promoting U.S. Leadership     • Religious Freedom     • Strengthening Civil Society   • Programs     • Regional Programs     • Emergency Assistance and Thematic Programs   • Countries   • Policy Recommendations   • Reports     • Freedom in the World     • Freedom on the Net     • Nations in Transit     • China Media Bulletin     • Election Watch for the Digital Age     • Special Reports     • Archives   • News & Perspectives     • Press Releases & Statements     • Manage Subscriptions     • Explore Newsletters   • About Us     • History     • Our Experts     • Events     • Board and Leadership     • Ways to Give     • Financials     • Careers     • Contact Us Hundreds of protesters with signs and flags in front of a capital building. Freedom in the World 2020  Switzerland  Free 96 100 PR Political Rights 39 40 CL Civil Liberties 57 60 Last Year's Score & Status 96 100 Free Global freedom statuses are calculated on a weighted scale. See the methodology.  header1 Overview  The political system of Switzerland is characterized by decentralization and direct democracy. The multilingual state is typically governed by a broad coalition that includes members from the four largest political parties represented in the parliament. The 26 cantons that make up the Swiss Confederation have considerable decision-making power, and the public is often asked to weigh in on policy matters through referendums. Civil liberties are generally respected in the country, though laws and policies adopted in recent years have reflected a growing wariness of immigration and minority groups of foreign origin, which sometimes face societal discrimination.  header2 Key Developments in 2019    • Parliamentary elections in October presented a minor shake-up of Swiss politics: The right-wing populist Swiss People’s Party (SVP) maintained their plurality but lost a sizeable portion of their power. The Green Party (GPS) and Green Liberal Party (GLP) recorded the strongest gains of Swiss electoral history since 1919, becoming competitive opposition parties.   • Switzerland was added to the blacklist of the International Labour Organization (ILO) of countries not offering enough protection to unionized employees in May.   • Also in May, the Federal Intelligence Service (FIS) was called out for leading investigations against several left-wing political activists and members of left-wing parties in the cities of Basel and Bern, despite not having legal grounds to do so.   • In October, Switzerland was removed from the European Union’s (EU) “gray list” of countries not cooperating in the fight against tax evasion.  PR Political Rights  A Electoral Process  A1 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Was the current head of government or other chief national authority elected through free and fair elections? 4.004 4.004  Executive power is exercised by the seven-member Federal Council (cabinet), with each member elected by the bicameral Federal Assembly to four-year terms. The Federal Council represents a consensus-based coalition among all of the large parties in the Federal Assembly. The presidency is largely ceremonial and rotates annually among the Federal Council’s members. In December 2019, Simonetta Sommaruga of the Social Democratic Party (SP) was elected president for 2020 by the Federal Assembly.  A2 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Were the current national legislative representatives elected through free and fair elections? 4.004 4.004  The constitution provides for a Federal Assembly with two directly elected chambers: the 46-member Council of States, in which each canton has two members and each half-canton has one, and the 200-member National Council, whose seats are apportioned among the cantons based on population. All lawmakers serve four-year terms. Switzerland’s electoral process is vibrant and pluralistic, garnering high levels of confidence from the public.  Elections were held in October 2019 and presented a minor shake-up in Swiss politics. In the National Council, the right-wing SVP remained the strongest party but lost considerable power, taking 53 seats, down from 65. SP won 39 seats (losing 4); the Free Democratic Party of Switzerland (FDP) took 28 seats (losing 4); and the Christian Democratic People’s Party (CVP) took 25 seats (losing 2). The biggest winners of the election were the GPS, which won 28 seats, a 17-seat increase, and the GLP, which won 16 seats, a 9-seat increase. In the Council of States, the CVP won 13 seats, the FDP secured 12, the SP took 9, the SVP grabbed 6, and the GPS won 5, representing further gains for the Greens and losses for the Social Democrats.  A3 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Are the electoral laws and framework fair, and are they implemented impartially by the relevant election management bodies? 4.004 4.004  Switzerland’s electoral process is robust and well implemented. Electoral laws are fair, and the Election Commission of Switzerland, which administers elections, is considered impartial. The government frequently relies on referendums to decide contentious policy issues.  B Political Pluralism and Participation  B1 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Do the people have the right to organize in different political parties or other competitive political groupings of their choice, and is the system free of undue obstacles to the rise and fall of these competing parties or groupings? 4.004 4.004  Political parties are free to form and operate, and a wide range of parties are active at the federal and regional levels. The political system is stable, but it remains open to new groups.  B2 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Is there a realistic opportunity for the opposition to increase its support or gain power through elections? 4.004 4.004  While most parties govern together by common agreement in the country’s consensus-based political system, they compete vigorously in elections and can gain or lose influence depending on their performance at the polls. The government also relies on referendums to decide contentious policy issues. The Federal Council currently comprises two members each from the SVP, the SP, and the FDP, and one member from the CVP. After the 2019 election, the Green Party petitioned parliament to change the composition of the Federal Council to accommodate their electoral success: the Greens now hold more seats than CVP, and the same number of seats as FDP, both of which are on the council. The Greens lost the parliamentary vote for the seat, but will likely renew their bid should they repeat their strong performance in the next election.  B3 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Are the people’s political choices free from domination by forces that are external to the political sphere, or by political forces that employ extrapolitical means? 4.004 4.004  People’s political choices are generally free from domination by democratically unaccountable entities. However, Switzerland has been criticized for failing to address the lack of transparency in party financing. Civil society leaders contend that the opaque campaign finance system allows wealthy interests to influence the platforms of the major political parties.  B4 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Do various segments of the population (including ethnic, religious, gender, LGBT, and other relevant groups) have full political rights and electoral opportunities? 3.003 4.004  Restrictive citizenship laws and procedures tend to exclude many immigrants, as well as their children, from political participation. About a quarter of the population is made of up noncitizens, though more than a third of these are citizens of neighboring countries. Noncitizens do not have the right to vote in federal elections but do in some cantonal polls.  Women participate robustly in Swiss politics, both as voters and candidates for office. The 2019 elections saw a record number of women elected to the National Council, where they now make up 42 percent of all parliamentarians.  C Functioning of Government  C1 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Do the freely elected head of government and national legislative representatives determine the policies of the government? 4.004 4.004  Switzerland’s freely elected officials are able to determine and effectively implement national and local policy through a decentralized system of government.  The 26 cantons have significant control over economic and social policy, with the federal government’s powers largely limited to foreign affairs and some economic matters. Referendums, which are used extensively, are mandatory for any amendments to the federal constitution, the joining of international organizations, and major changes to federal laws.  C2 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Are safeguards against official corruption strong and effective? 4.004 4.004  Safeguards against corruption are generally effective. The trial against Pierre Maudet, former head of the Geneva cantonal government who had accepted benefits from the crown prince of Abu Dhabi in 2015, continued in 2019 even though Maudet still holds his seat as a state counsellor of Geneva. Four employees of the State Secretariat for Economic Affairs were indicted for procurement fraud in October 2019.  A law to improve whistleblower protection was rejected in June 2019 by the National Council but is currently under review in the Council of States. The reform came as a response to criticism by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), which called out Switzerland for failing to fully implement the recommendations of the OECD Anti-Bribery Convention.  In October, the EU removed Switzerland from the “gray list” of countries with questionable tax policies and support for tax avoidance, after Switzerland had abolished tax policies that were not in line with international standards earlier in 2019.  C3 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Does the government operate with openness and transparency? 4.004 4.004  The government is generally transparent in its operations. In recent years, an increasing number of cantonal governments have passed transparency laws that make government data more accessible to citizens. Federal politicians were still debating an increase in lobbying transparency at the end of 2019. A transparency referendum at the federal level was submitted in 2019 and is likely to be voted on by the people in 2020 or 2021. In September 2019 the Council of Europe’s Group of States against Corruption (GRECO) announced it would halt its noncompliance procedure against Switzerland: the upcoming transparency referendum and an anticorruption initiative put forward by the Federal Council address GRECO’s concerns.  CL Civil Liberties  D Freedom of Expression and Belief  D1 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Are there free and independent media? 4.004 4.004  Freedom of the press is generally respected in practice. Switzerland has an open media environment, though the state-owned, editorially independent Swiss Broadcasting Corporation (SRG/SSR) dominates the broadcast market. Consolidation of newspaper ownership in the hands of large media conglomerates has forced the closure of some smaller newspapers in recent years.  D2 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Are individuals free to practice and express their religious faith or nonbelief in public and private? 3.003 4.004  Freedom of religion is guaranteed by the constitution, and the penal code prohibits discrimination against any religion. However, Muslims face legal and de facto discrimination. The construction of new minarets and mosques is prohibited as the result of a 2009 referendum. In 2018, St. Gallen became the second canton to pass its own burqa ban, after Ticino in 2016. A debate surrounding proposals for a federal ban on burqas continued in 2019 and is likely to be put to a vote in coming years.  D3 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Is there academic freedom, and is the educational system free from extensive political indoctrination? 4.004 4.004  Academic freedom is largely respected.  D4 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Are individuals free to express their personal views on political or other sensitive topics without fear of surveillance or retribution? 4.004 4.004  Individuals are generally able to express their personal views on political issues without fear of retribution, though the law punishes public incitement to racial hatred or discrimination as well as denial of crimes against humanity.  The Federal Intelligence Service (FIS) was granted wider surveillance powers in 2017, allowing it to monitor internet usage, bug private property, and tap the phone lines of suspected terrorists. An additional law that came into effect in March 2018 requires mobile phone and internet service providers to retain user data for six months to facilitate the work of law enforcement agencies. This includes data on which websites users visited. Both laws were being challenged at the Swiss Federal Court and the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) at the end of 2019. According to a survey published by the University of Zurich in October 2019, more than half of Swiss internet users are practicing self-censorship due to fears of surveillance.  In May 2019 journalists uncovered the story that the FIS had surveilled several left-wing political activists and members of left-wing parties in the cities of Basel and Bern, despite not having legal grounds to do so. The FIS has denied any wrongdoing.  E Associational and Organizational Rights  E1 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Is there freedom of assembly? 4.004 4.004  Freedom of assembly is guaranteed by the constitution and is generally respected. A women’s strike and protest in June 2019 was one of the largest demonstrations in recent history.  E2 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Is there freedom for nongovernmental organizations, particularly those that are engaged in human rights– and governance-related work? 4.004 4.004  Nongovernmental organizations are free to operate without undue restrictions.  E3 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Is there freedom for trade unions and similar professional or labor organizations? 4.004 4.004  Workers are generally free to form trade unions and other professional organizations. The right to engage in collective bargaining and strikes is respected. However, in 2019 the International Labour Organization (ILO) added Switzerland to its blacklist of countries with weak job protection for unionized employees. While it is improper to dismiss an employee because of union membership or activity, the penalty for such behavior is seen as too low.  Approximately 500,000 participants all over Switzerland demanded equal treatment and pay for women on June 14, 2019. Across the country, women walked out of their workplaces at 3:42 p.m. to symbolize when, upon accounting for the gender pay gap, they were no longer being paid.  F Rule of Law  F1 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Is there an independent judiciary? 4.004 4.004  While the judiciary is largely independent in practice, judges are affiliated with political parties and are selected based on a system of proportional party, linguistic, and regional representation in the Federal Assembly. The civil society group Justice Initiative (JI) continued their campaign to alter the appointment process of federal judges. The Initiative hopes to depoliticize the appointment procedure, with candidates chosen by lot and reviewed by an independent, apolitical panel.  Switzerland continues to n 5786 egotiate a framework agreement with the EU, a contentious topic in the country, which is not an EU member state. Among other things, the agreement would clarify the jurisdiction of the European Court of Justice (CJEU) in Switzerland and the applicability of EU law.  F2 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Does due process prevail in civil and criminal matters? 4.004 4.004  Authorities generally observe legal safeguards against arbitrary arrest and detention. The constitution’s due process clause guarantees fair trial proceedings.  F3 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Is there protection from the illegitimate use of physical force and freedom from war and insurgencies? 4.004 4.004  Switzerland is free from war and other major threats to physical security. Occasional instances of excessive force by police have been documented, but such abuses are relatively rare. Conditions in prisons and detention centers generally meet international standards, and the Swiss government permits visits by independent observers.  F4 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Do laws, policies, and practices guarantee equal treatment of various segments of the population? 3.003 4.004  Although the law prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, gender, or religion, anti-immigrant attitudes have grown in recent years. A 2016 immigration law passed included measures meant to curb mass migration from the EU and required employers give preference to Swiss citizens in hiring practices. Despite the government’s negotiations with the EU on the matter, the SVP proposed a referendum in 2017 calling for an end to free movement between Switzerland and the EU, likely to be put to a vote in 2020.  Switzerland generally respects the rights of refugees. In March 2019 the government introduced more efficient asylum procedures, leading to faster handling of asylum requests. Consequently, more asylum seekers have passed through Switzerland voluntarily and swiftly.  The rights of cultural, religious, and linguistic minorities are legally protected, but minority groups—especially Romany communities and people of African and Central European descent—face societal discrimination. The Roma continue to seek official recognition as a minority in Switzerland. A report by the Federal Commission Against Racism in April 2018 noted a strong increase in racial discrimination over the past 10 years.  While women generally enjoy equal rights, the gender pay gap and discrimination in the workplace persist. The rights of LGBT+ people are generally respected. In December 2018, the parliament passed an amendment to the antidiscrimination law that extended its protections to cover sexual orientation. A similar amendment on gender identity was ultimately rejected.  G Personal Autonomy and Individual Rights  G1 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Do individuals enjoy freedom of movement, including the ability to change their place of residence, employment, or education? 4.004 4.004  Freedom of movement is respected, and there are no undue limitations on the ability to change one’s place of residence, employment, or education.  G2 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Are individuals able to exercise the right to own property and establish private businesses without undue interference from state or nonstate actors? 4.004 4.004  The rights to own property and operate private businesses remain unrestricted.  G3 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Do individuals enjoy personal social freedoms, including choice of marriage partner and size of family, protection from domestic violence, and control over appearance? 4.004 4.004  Personal social freedoms are protected for most people. In a 2005 referendum, voters approved same-sex civil unions. Recognized since 2007, these unions grant many of the legal benefits of marriage. Limited adoption rights for same-sex civil partners came into effect in January 2018. The legalization of same-sex marriage and full adoption rights for same-sex couples were under consideration by parliament during 2019.  G4 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Do individuals enjoy equality of opportunity and freedom from economic exploitation? 3.003 4.004  Although the government complies with international standards for combating human trafficking, according to the 2019 edition of the US State Department’s Trafficking in Persons Report, Switzerland remains a destination country for victims. Labor regulations are generally enforced, but there is no national minimum wage, and migrant workers are more vulnerable to exploitative labor practices and dangerous working conditions.  On Switzerland  See all data, scores & information on this country or territory.  See More  Country Facts    • Global Freedom Score      96 100 free  Other Years    • 2019   • 2018   • 2017  Be the first to know what's happening.  Join the Freedom House monthly newsletter  Footer Main Menu    • Our Issues   • Countries   • Policy Recommendations   • Explore the Map   • Donate   • News & Perspectives   • Reports   • Events   • About   • Careers  Address  1850 M St. NW Floor 11 Washington, DC 20036  (202) 296-5101  General Inquiries  [email protected]  Press & Media  [email protected]  Footer Social Menu  Follow    • Facebook   • Twitter  Footer    • Manage Subscriptions   • Contact   • Privacy Policy   • Content Permissions   • Site Map @2020 FreedomHouse 0
luntarily and swiftly.  The rights of cultural, religious, and linguistic minorities are legally protected, but minority groups—especially Romany communities and people of African and Central European descent—face societal discrimination. The Roma continue to seek official recognition as a minority in Switzerland. A report by the Federal Commission Against Racism in April 2018 noted a strong increase in racial discrimination over the past 10 years.  While women generally enjoy equal rights, the gender pay gap and discrimination in the workplace persist. The rights of LGBT+ people are generally respected. In December 2018, the parliament passed an amendment to the antidiscrimination law that extended its protections to cover sexual orientation. A similar amendment on gender identity was ultimately rejected.  G Personal Autonomy and Individual Rights  G1 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Do individuals enjoy freedom of movement, including the ability to change their place of residence, employment, or education? 4.004 4.004  Freedom of movement is respected, and there are no undue limitations on the ability to change one’s place of residence, employment, or education.  G2 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Are individuals able to exercise the right to own property and establish private businesses without undue interference from state or nonstate actors? 4.004 4.004  The rights to own property and operate private businesses remain unrestricted.  G3 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Do individuals enjoy personal social freedoms, including choice of marriage partner and size of family, protection from domestic violence, and control over appearance? 4.004 4.004  Personal social freedoms are protected for most people. In a 2005 referendum, voters approved same-sex civil unions. Recognized since 2007, these unions grant many of the legal benefits of marriage. Limited adoption rights for same-sex civil partners came into effect in January 2018. The legalization of same-sex marriage and full adoption rights for same-sex couples were under consideration by parliament during 2019.  G4 1.00-4.00 pts0-4 pts Do individuals enjoy equality of opportunity and freedom from economic exploitation? 3.003 4.004  Although the government complies with international standards for combating human trafficking, according to the 2019 edition of the US State Department’s Trafficking in Persons Report, Switzerland remains a destination country for victims. Labor regulations are generally enforced, but there is no national minimum wage, and migrant workers are more vulnerable to exploitative labor practices and dangerous working conditions.  On Switzerland  See all data, scores & information on this country or territory.  See More  Country Facts    • Global Freedom Score      96 100 free  Other Years    • 2019   • 2018   • 2017  Be the first to know what's happening.  Join the Freedom House monthly newsletter  Footer Main Menu    • Our Issues   • Countries   • Policy Recommendations   • Explore the Map   • Donate   • News & Perspectives   • Reports   • Events   • About   • Careers  Address  1850 M St. NW Floor 11 Washington, DC 20036  (202) 296-5101  General Inquiries  [email protected]  Press & Media  [email protected]  Footer Social Menu  Follow    • Facebook   • Twitter  Footer    • Manage Subscriptions   • Contact   • Privacy Policy   • Content Permissions   • Site Map @2020 FreedomHouse 0
__label__wiki 68ca Neuroscience - Google Books Search Images Maps Play YouTube News Gmail Drive More » Sign in Screen reader users: click this link for accessible mode. Accessible mode has the same essential features but works better with your reader.  Books  Try the new Your Library Classic My Library will soon be turned off. Visit the new Your Library experience to import your bookshelves. Go to Your Library Dismiss Try the new Your Library   1. Try the new Google Books   2. My library   3. Help   4. Advanced Book Search Get print book  No eBook available    • Amazon.com   • Barnes&Noble.com   • Books-A-Million   • IndieBound   • Find in a library   • All sellers »  Get Textbooks on Google Play  Rent and save from the world's largest eBookstore. Read, highlight, and take notes, across web, tablet, and phone.  Go to Google Play Now »  Neuroscience  Front Cover Dale Purves, George Augustine, David Fitzpatrick, William C Hall, Anthony LaMantia, Richard Mooney, Leonard E. White Sinauer, Jul 4, 2018 - Medical - 800 pages  Neuroscience is a comprehensive textbook created primarily for medical, premedical, and undergraduate neuroscience students. In a single concise and approachable volume, the text guides students through the challenges and excitement of this rapidly changing field. The book's length and accessible writing are a successful combination that has proven to work equally well for medical students and in undergraduate neuroscience courses.  Other editions - View all  Neuroscience Dale Purves,George Augustine,David Fitzpatrick,William Hall,Anthony LaMantia,Leonard White,Richard Mooney,Michael Platt No preview available - 2018  About the author (2018)  Dale Purves is Geller Professor of Neurobiology Emeritus in the Duke Institute for Brain Sciences, Durham, USA. Professor George J. Augustine is a Professor in Lee Kong Chian School of Medicine, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore.  David Fitzpatrick is Chief Executive Officer and Scientific Director of the Max Planck Florida Institute for Neuroscience, USA.  William C. Hall is a Professor in the Department of Neurobiology at the Duke University School of Medicine, USA.  Anthony-Samuel LaMantia is a Professor of Pharmacology & Physiology at The George Washington University and Director of the GW Institute for Neuroscience, USA.  Richard D. Mooney is Professor of Neurobiology at Duke University School of Medicine Michael L. Platt is a Professor at University of Pennsylvania Leonard E. White is an Associate Professor in the Department of Neurobiology at the Duke University School of Medicine, USA.  Bibliographic information  TitleNeuroscience EditorsDale Purves, George Augustine, David Fitzpatrick, William C Hall, Anthony LaMantia, Richard Mooney, Leonard E. White Edition6, illustrated, reprint PublisherSinauer, 2018 ISBN1605353809, 9781605353807 Length800 pages Subjects Science  ›  Life Sciences  ›  Neuroscience   Medical / General Medical / Neuroscience Science / Life Sciences / Neuroscience    Export CitationBiBTeX EndNote RefMan About Google Books - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service - Information for Publishers - Report an issue - Help - Google Home 0
__label__wiki 745e Page not found | Office of the New York State Comptroller Skip to main content Official seal of the Office of the New York State Comptroller. Thomas P. DiNapoli   • Retirement Online   • NYS Payroll Online   • Other Online Services  | Subscribe | Translate |  Join Our Team Translate Disclaimer     This Google™ translation feature is provided for informational purposes only.  The New York State Office of the State Comptroller's website is provided in English. However, the "Google Translate" option may help you to read it in other languages.  Google Translate™ cannot translate all types of documents, and it may not give you an exact translation all the time. If you rely on information obtained from Google Translate™, you do so at your own risk.  The Office of the State Comptroller does not warrant, promise, assure or guarantee the accuracy of the translations provided. The State of New York, its officers, employees, and/or agents are not liable to you, or to third parties, for damages or losses of any kind arising out of, or in connection with, the use or performance of such information. These include, but are not limited to:    • damages or losses caused by reliance upon the accuracy of any such information   • damages incurred from the viewing, distributing, or copying of such materials  Because Google Translate™ is intellectual property owned by Google Inc., you must use Google Translate™ in accord with the Google license agreement, which includes potential liability for misuse: Google Terms of Service.      • Comptroller Image        Get to know New York        State Comptroller        Thomas P. DiNapoli        Read Bio »                • Learn About the Comptroller’s Office       • Explore Career Opportunities       • Read “2025 Year in Review” Report        • 10531        Mobile Comptroller Image        Get to know New York        State Comptroller        Thomas P. DiNapoli        Read Bio »        • Learn About the Comptroller’s Office       • Explore Career Opportunities       • Read “2025 Year in Review” Report    • Unclaimed Funds     • New York State and Local Retirement System (NYSLRS)     • NYS Common Retirement Fund   • Local Government   • Agencies   • Vendors     • All Reports     • Audits     • Annual Comprehensive Financial Report     • Cash Basis Reports     • New York State Budget Analysis and Financial Reporting     • New York City Economic and Fiscal Monitoring     • Open Book New York   • Newsroom   • Login     • Retirement Online     • NYS Payroll Online     • Other Online Services   • Subscribe   • Join Our Team   1. Home   2. Page not found  Page not found  The requested page could not be found. OUR OFFICE OUR OFFICE   • About Comptroller DiNapoli   • About the Comptroller's Office   • Career Opportunities   • Diversity Management   • Intergovernmental and Community Affairs   • Procurement Opportunities TOOLS TOOLS   • Fiscal Monitoring   • NYS Payroll Online   • Open Book New York   • Retirement Online   • Search for Lost Money   • Statewide Financial System   • More... INITIATIVES INITIATIVES   • Comptroller's Legislative Program   • Investing in New York   • Minority- and Women-Owned Business Enterprises (MWBEs) HELP HELP   • Contact Us   • Forms and Publications   • Freedom of Information Law (FOIL)   • Legal Opinions   • Report Government Fraud  Thank you for subscribing to the Comptroller's Weekly Newsletter!  Tell us more about you to receive content related to your area or interests.  Interests  How would you rate our website?  Site Index Career Opportunities Contact Us Privacy and Links Policies Regulations Accessibility FOIL  0
__label__wiki WELCOME,   • My Times   • LOGOUT SIGN IN logo Sun ,May 17, 2026Mumbai Mirror|Pune Mirror   • Home   • Bangalore     • Cover Story     • Crime     • Civic     • Other     • Elections   • Entertainment     • Bollywood     • Hollywood     • Reviews     • Lounge     • South Masala   • Videos     • sectionhomelist     • News     • Sports     • Entertainment   • Photos     • Entertainment     • News     • Sports   • Sports     • Cricket     • Football     • Tennis     • Others   • News     • State     • India     • World     • Business   • Opinion     • Ask the Sexpert     • Sunday Read     • You     • Code 560     • Others     • Views     • Food     • Teen Spirit     • Blogs   • Loksabha Elections     • Photos     • Videos     • Schedule     • Campaign Tracker     • Modi Meter   • Coronavirus   • All Coronavirus   • Bollywood   • Hollywood   • Reviews   • Lounge   • South Masala Bangalore   • Cover story   • Crime   • Civic   • Others Entertainment   • Bollywood   • Hollywood   • Reviews   • Lounge   • South Masala Videos   • News   • Sports   • Entertainment Photos   • Entertainment   • News   • Sports Sports   • Cricket   • Football   • Tennis   • Others News   • State   • India   • World   • Business Opinion   • Ask the Sexpert   • Sunday Read   • You   • Code 560   • Others   • Views   • Food   • Teen Spirit   • Blogs Others   • Letters to the Editor   • Sci-Tech   • Leisure   • Trending Today   • Lit.Mus 2014   • Home     • /   • Entertainment     • /   • South Masala     • /   • Movies that stirred, moved      Movies that stirred, moved & shook us      Updated: May 3, 2013, 16:34 IST     • Facebook     • Twitter     • Linkedin     • Email     • Share     • Facebook     • Twitter     • Linkedin     • Email     Print this article     Reduce font size     Increase font size     Movies that stirred, moved & shook us       TAMIL — K Hariharan     K Hariharan is the director of LV Prasad Film Academy, Chennai      1. Parasakthi (1952) Krishna & Panju     This landmark film virtually heralds the power of the Dravidian-centric mindset that would dominate the popular Tamil ideology until the late 70s. Highly critical of the state and its Brahminical values, directors Krishnan and Panju get the best out of writer Karunanidhi (five-time CM) and a debutante called Sivaji Ganesan.       2. Pasamalar (1961) Bhimsingh      Director Bhimsingh was a master of family melodramas and this film with tuneful songs by duo Viswanathan-Ramamurthy with lyricist Kannadasan embellished the conflicts that modernity brings into traditional families. Thespians Sivaji and Savitri set the benchmarks for tear-jerking performances.             3. Nenjil Oru Aalayam (1962)C V Sridhar     CV Sridhar could be the first auteur filmmaker in Tamil cinema. Backed by cinematographer Vincent who could paint with camera movements and lights, this black-and-white masterpiece narrates a story of misunderstandings and cursed destinies.            4. Thaneer Thaneer(1981) K Balachander      Though K Balachander set his tone as the narrator of middle-class maladies, he ventures here into political satire. A powerful script by Komal Swaminathan highlights the plight of rural people who get exploited by politicians with promise of water.      5. Moondram Pirai (1982) Balu Mahendra      Deeply inspired by East European cinema, writer/ director/ cinematographer/editor Balu Mahendra probes into the psyche of sexuality, watching a young man (Kamal Haasan) left alone to save a beautiful but mentally challenged woman (Sridevi). The languorous ambience of Ooty and the seductive tunes of Ilayaraja drive us into this star-crossed mindscape.       6. Nayakan (1987) Mani Ratnam      Mani Ratnam and Kamal Haasan put Tamil cinema on the national map with this amazing generic noir film about modern gangsters. The film combines Kamal’s dynamic portrayal of the evolution of a vigilante, Mani’s unique take on social violence, Ilayaraja’s soulful music and PC Sriram’s outstanding photography to set new milestones.            7. Autograph(2004) Cheran      Cheran sets himself apart in this unique road movie which takes us on a journey into the growing up from adolescence into adulthood to marry the chosen one. Cheran underplays the trauma of separations. Mallika, Gopika,  Kanika and Sneha deliver outstanding performances.            8. Subramaniapuram (2008) Sasikumar      This runaway hit by Sasikumar documents the angst of the misled Tamil youth in the 80s who take to political crime as a normal way of existence. The harsh realities of life in a small town full of unemployed young men and betrayed political promises set the stage for a new awakening out of a false utopia.      9. Aranya Kandam (2011) K Thyagarajan      With this debut film,  Kumararaja Thyagarajan establishes himself as one who is in complete control of the script and its visualisation. Set in the disorganised landscape of North Chennai, the film dissects the impoverished machismo of the criminal world as they execute their devious plans in unplanned ways.       10. Naan Kadavul(2009) Bala             Director Bala is probably the most uncompromising maverick whose works continue to attract audiences and critical acclaim at the same time. Despite being morose, dark and disgusting, this film manages to tug at the conscience of the Tamil viewers to see the consequences of unbridled religiosity and superstition.      MALAYALAM — C S Venkiteswaran        Based in Thirivananthapuram, C S Venkiteshwaran is a National-award winning critic      Bhargavinilayam (1964)  A Vincent      One of the most celebrated ‘ghost house’ films in Malayalam, Bhargavinilayam is a complex story about the workings of the mind of a writer who conjures up characters to fill the void within him and to overcome the writer’s block that haunts him. Evocative visuals and memorable songs add to its everlasting appeal.      Olavum Theeravum (1969)  PN Menon      One of the first Malayalam films to break out of the claustrophobic ambience of the studio sets and was shot almost entirely on location. This tragic yet lyrical love story that unfolds by the river and the village on the banks sparked off a new film idiom that inspired a generation of future filmmakers.      Nirmalyam (1973)  M T Vasudevan Nair      An iconoclastic film that heartwrenchingly portrays the gradual but inevitable doom of an aging oracle in a village temple. With the good old world crumbling around him, here is the story of a man (brilliant performance by P J Antony) desperately clinging on to his die-hard belief in divinity and also humanity.      Athithi (1974)  K P Kumaran      A haunting film about the endless wait for the saviour -  the one who is handsome, rich and strong; one who will come to save us all from the hell that our life here is.  Athithi resonated with the angst of the Malayalee society, that was fast turning into a money-order economy.       Kanchanasita (1977) G Aravindan        A unique cinematic interpretation of the epic Ramayana, where the mythic characters are stripped of all their divinity and minimalised to their essentials –in their attire, habitat and being, thus foregrounding the all too human yet momentous conflicts that underlie the epic story.      Yaro Oral (1978) Pavithran      The most enigmatic ‘personal’ film in Malayalam, Yaro Oral is a surrealist take on our life and times. Weaving together an array of characters and a series of disjointed episodes that often recur, the film ponders through the lens of death upon the absurdity of life.      Elipathayam (1981) Adoor Gopalakrishnan      One of the most powerful films about the other side of feudalism in Indian cinema, not about its explicit macho violence but about the way it works through a deeply exploitative system of allegiance and dependence.  A clinical account of the gradual degeneration of a middle-aged man, it's a portrayal of his gradual isolation.      Amma Ariyan (1986)  John Abraham       A poignant journey through the emotional and mental ruins of Kerala’s radical past.  Starting with the suicide of a young artist, the film journeys through Kerala, evoking memories of the past struggles and the desperate hopes and flares it has left behind. Funded entirely through small donations from the public, it was also a radical experiment in film production.      Swaroopam (1992)  K R Mohanan       Swaroopam is a prophetic film about the havoc that ‘imagined past’ and its glories can wreak on the warp and woof of our everyday, ordinary lives.  Shot almost entirely in bleak colour tones, the film comments upon the way in which we tend to cling to the past, evacuating and negating the present.      Maranasimhasanam (1999)  Murali Nair      An acerbic political satire about the ‘progressive’ politics of Kerala.  Set in a metaphoric island that is marooned from the currents of the outside world, the film presents the macabre drama about a village seeking foreign loan to purchase an electric chair.       Kannada — Prakash Belawadi      Based in Bangalore, Belawadi is founder, Centre for Film & Drama       1. Bara (1980)  M S Sathyu      For many, MS Sathyu's connection with films starts and ends with Garam Hawa. That film certainly features in best of Indian cinema but he has quite a few films in Kannada that have stood the test of time. This film, based on UR Ananthamurthy's short story, is about a government officer (Anant Nag) caught between two politicians making hay in the time of famine. Everyone loves a good drought and a good film.      2. Belli Moda (1966) Puttanna Kanagal      The first film of director Puttanna Kanagal in Kannada heralded the arrival of the legend. The 1966 film had many firsts to its credit: the first film that was completely shot outdoors. All of Puttanna's films were based on novels and this trend was copied by many filmmakers then and later.  Female characters, too, started becoming protagonists for the first time since this film.      3. Bhootayyana Maga Ayyu (1974)Siddalingaiah      Siddalingaiah, who made Bangaarada Manushya, two years before made this film based on a novel by Gorur Ramaswamy Iyengar. If there is anyone who is considered a better director than Puttanna Kanagal in Kannada, it is Siddalingaiah. The film also shot Vishnuvardhan into the limelight.       4. Chomana Dudi (1975)      B V Karanth      Shivaram Karanth had made films in the silent era and this film, based on his novel, won the Swarna Kamal as well as the Best Actor National Award for M V Vasudeva Rao. There are films on the condition of Dalits and there is Chomana Dudi. If a film could be the milestone of a society, this film has already been firmly planted.      5. Mayura (1975) Vijay      This 1975 film has perhaps the best historical role by Rajkumar. Both director Vijay and Rajkuamr were at the peak of their prowess and the story about the first Kannada king was an inspiring tale. Mesmerising will be an understatement to the effect this film had on the masses. Though commercial to the core, it is one such film that gave a new direction and dimension to the filmmaking then.      6. Naagarahaavu (1972) Puttanna Kanagal      Puttanna Kanagal is universally considered the best director in Kannada language. Based on three novels by Ta Ra Subba Rao, this film made a star out of Vishnuvardhan and created some of the most memorable characters in Kannada film history. In 1972, while parallel cinema was creating waves with their bold themes, even popular cinema showed that no subject was taboo, be it  prostitution or inter-religious affairs.       7. Ondaanondu Kaaladalli (1978) Girish Karnad      The film started the era of Shankar Nag in Kannada. Director Girish Karnad was influenced by Kurosawa's Samurai works. The 1978 film went on to achieve cult status because it went beyond the looks and subjects that were common to Indian movies of the time. A warrior in a time gone by and his trials in a feudal society were something very new, if not alien, to the audience then. Even now.      8. Parasangada Gendethimma (1978)  M Shivaram      In 1978, M Shivaram made what is now considered a classic. It is another matter that actor Lokesh came to be referred as Gendethimma for the rest of his life. A tribal lad's life takes an amazing turn after marrying a city girl. The film spoke about the changing traditions and values.       9. Samskara (1970)       Pattabhi Rama Reddy       Samskara sparked the new-wave cinema movement in Karnataka. The film heralded the blend between strong Kannada literature and Kannada films. The film was based on a story by UR Ananthamurthy and starred two other big names in Kannada literature; P Lankesh and Girish Karnad.      10. Sri Krishnadevaraya (1970)  B R Panthulu      BR Panthulu's epic creation was released in 1970. The director has many historical films to his credit not only in Kannada, but in Tamil and Telugu as well. This one takes the pride of place among the many jewels he was responsible for. The most popular Kannada actor Rajkumar enacting perhaps the most popular Kannada ruler was significant in the era when Kannada nationalism was gaining ground.       Telugu — JALAPATHY  GUDELLI     Based in Hyderabad, Jalapathy is a film writer and critic      1. Mallishwari (1951)  B N Reddy      Starring NTR and Bhanumati, the film is a love story set in the period of King Krishnadevaraya. A simple story narrated with beautiful artistry by director B N Reddy, it was also the first Telugu film screened at an international film festival (1952, Peking ). Eminent critic Baburao Patel paid his tributes, ""An inspiring motion picture, a picture that will save us the blush when compared with the best of motion pictures of the world.""            2. Pathala Bhairavi (1951) K V Reddy             Directed by K V Reddy, Pathala Bhairavi remains the best fantasy film -- the story has shades of the Aladdin tale -- made in Telugu. Its influence can also be seen on many movies, including Rajamouli's Magadheera. It is a milestone in the careers of KV Reddy and NTR.            3. Devadasu (1953)      Vedantam Raghavaiah       Many versions popped up in various languages in India based on Sharat Chandra Chattopadhyay's epic work,  but the Telugu version, directed by Vedantam Raghavaiah, is often rated the best. Devadasu's character is a jewel in the career of legendary Akkineni Nageswara Rao. The film was also dubbed in Tamil by the same name.      4. Mayabazar (1957) K V Reddy      A very populist version of Mahabharata with mellifluous songs and visual effects, then known as trick photography, done by British cinematographer Marcus Bartley. Starring NTR, ANR, SV Ranga Rao and Savithri, the film is an all-time favourite of Andhraites around the globe.       5. Sudigundalu (1968) Adurthi Subbarao       At a time when melodramas and mythological movies were ruling the roost, Sudigundalu dealt with a serious social cause: the parental responsibility in upbringing  children. Directed by Adurthi Subbarao, the film is loosely inspired by Hollywood film Compulsion (1959).      6. Shankarabharanam (1980) K Vishwanath      Director K Vishwanath's Shankarabharanam is featured in many critics and film-makers' all-time favorite classics. Starring then newcomer J V Somayajulu, the film narrates the epicness of Indian classical music. It has won a host of National Awards.       7. Maa Bhoomi (1980) Gautam Ghosh      Bengali director Gautam Ghosh's directorial debut chronicles the Telangana people's rebellion against oppressive Nizam rule. It is one of the very few films in Telugu made with a documentary-style approach. The film picked National Award for best regional film.      8. Rudraveena (1988) K Balachander       K Balachander returns to Telugu films after Maro Charitra with Rudraveena. Inspired by the life of Anna Hazare, this film deals with a young idealistic son (played by Chiranjeevi) of a musical thespian (Gemini Ganeshan) who transforms his village with his idealistic activities.       9. Shiva (1989) Ram Gopal Varma       Shiva is an important milestone in Telugu cinema with Ram Gopal Varma becoming an icon of sorts with this movie. He made more classics like Satya, Company, but his journey started with Shiva, which helped Tollywood become more technically sound. Ilayaraja's background score for this film is famous even today.      10. Eega 2012 Rajamouli      This Rajamouli film  could be a disputed choice, but it still makes the cut. On the surface, Eega may seem like a simple revenge drama, but the film is testimony of the vision and ambition of a film-maker who has just got wings to fly. It is also example of technical finesse that Tollywood has achieved. Entertainment at its best.                    GALLERIES View more photos     • Aero India 2021: 13th edition of air show begins todayAero India 2021: 13th edition of air show begins today     • Pedestrians Only!Pedestrians Only!     • PM lays foundation stone of new Parliament buildingPM lays foundation stone of new Parliament building     Most Popular     • Most Read     • Most commented   • Bengaluru Pink Line nears final safety clearanceBengaluru Pink Line nears final safety ... Bengaluru Pink Line nears final safety clearance   • Ejipura flyover audit flags massive irregularities, delays and defectsEjipura flyover audit flags massive irr... Ejipura flyover audit flags massive irregularities, delays and defects   • BDA’s housing trouble reaches breaking pointBDA’s housing trouble reaches breaking ... BDA’s housing trouble reaches breaking point   • Flyover finish line finally nearFlyover finish line finally near   • Twin tunnel dreams stuck in trafficTwin tunnel dreams stuck in traffic   • CM opposes fuel price hike, seeks rollbackCM opposes fuel price hike, seeks rollb... CM opposes fuel price hike, seeks rollback     • Flyover finish line finally nearFlyover finish line finally near     • Bengaluru Pink Line nears final safety clearanceBengaluru Pink Line nears final safety ... Bengaluru Pink Line nears final safety clearance     • Government directs stocking of essential medicines ahead of chemists’ strikeGovernment directs stocking of essentia... Government directs stocking of essential medicines ahead of chemists’ strike     • CM opposes fuel price hike, seeks rollbackCM opposes fuel price hike, seeks rollb... CM opposes fuel price hike, seeks rollback     • Complaint marked ‘closed’, footpath says otherwiseComplaint marked ‘closed’, footpath say... Complaint marked ‘closed’, footpath says otherwise     • PGCET 2026 MBA and MCA exams postponed to June 14PGCET 2026 MBA and MCA exams postponed ... PGCET 2026 MBA and MCA exams postponed to June 14     From Entertainment     • Most Read     • Most commented     • Movie Review - Sher: Over-the-top action film is bursting at its seamsMovie Review - Sher: Over-the-top actio... Movie Review - Sher: Over-the-top action film is bursting at its seams     • Not just pulling a stuntNot just pulling a stunt     • Seal it with a kissSeal it with a kiss     • No comments please: Mouni chooses privacyNo comments please: Mouni chooses priva... No comments please: Mouni chooses privacy     • Movie Review - LO Naveena: Funny moments of lifeMovie Review - LO Naveena: Funny moment... Movie Review - LO Naveena: Funny moments of life     • Wooing in whiteWooing in white     • CM opposes fuel price hike, seeks rollbackCM opposes fuel price hike, seeks rollb... CM opposes fuel price hike, seeks rollback     • BDA’s housing trouble reaches breaking pointBDA’s housing trouble reaches breaking ... BDA’s housing trouble reaches breaking point     POLLHave you taken your vaccine shot?     Pick your favorite and click vote     64 + 2 =     MORE POLLS           • Mumbai Mirror     • Ahmedabad Mirror     • Pune Mirror     • Times of India     • Economic Times     • Bombay Times     • E-paper     • M-Paper     • Cricbuzz     • Marathi News     • Miss Kyra     • HappyTrips     • Order Newspaper     • Weekend Getaways from Mumbai     • Games App     • MX Player     • Times Now     • ET Now     • Zoom TV     • Mirror Now     • Times Now     • ET Now     • About Us     • Advertise with us     • Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy     • Privacy Policy      Copyright © Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service
el price hike, seeks rollback     • Flyover finish line finally nearFlyover finish line finally near     • Bengaluru Pink Line nears final safety clearanceBengaluru Pink Line nears final safety ... Bengaluru Pink Line nears final safety clearance     • Government directs stocking of essential medicines ahead of chemists’ strikeGovernment directs stocking of essentia... Government directs stocking of essential medicines ahead of chemists’ strike     • CM opposes fuel price hike, seeks rollbackCM opposes fuel price hike, seeks rollb... CM opposes fuel price hike, seeks rollback     • Complaint marked ‘closed’, footpath says otherwiseComplaint marked ‘closed’, footpath say... Complaint marked ‘closed’, footpath says otherwise     • PGCET 2026 MBA and MCA exams postponed to June 14PGCET 2026 MBA and MCA exams postponed ... PGCET 2026 MBA and MCA exams postponed to June 14     From Entertainment     • Most Read     • Most commented     • Movie Review - Sher: Over-the-top action film is bursting at its seamsMovie Review - Sher: Over-the-top actio... Movie Review - Sher: Over-the-top action film is bursting at its seams     • Not just pulling a stuntNot just pulling a stunt     • Seal it with a kissSeal it with a kiss     • No comments please: Mouni chooses privacyNo comments please: Mouni chooses priva... No comments please: Mouni chooses privacy     • Movie Review - LO Naveena: Funny moments of lifeMovie Review - LO Naveena: Funny moment... Movie Review - LO Naveena: Funny moments of life     • Wooing in whiteWooing in white     • CM opposes fuel price hike, seeks rollbackCM opposes fuel price hike, seeks rollb... CM opposes fuel price hike, seeks rollback     • BDA’s housing trouble reaches breaking pointBDA’s housing trouble reaches breaking ... BDA’s housing trouble reaches breaking point     POLLHave you taken your vaccine shot?     Pick your favorite and click vote     64 + 2 =     MORE POLLS           • Mumbai Mirror     • Ahmedabad Mirror     • Pune Mirror     • Times of India     • Economic Times     • Bombay Times     • E-paper     • M-Paper     • Cricbuzz     • Marathi News     • Miss Kyra     • HappyTrips     • Order Newspaper     • Weekend Getaways from Mumbai     • Games App     • MX Player     • Times Now     • ET Now     • Zoom TV     • Mirror Now     • Times Now     • ET Now     • About Us     • Advertise with us     • Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy     • Privacy Policy      Copyright © Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service
__label__wiki Open accessibility guideSkip to sections navigationSkip to contentSkip to footer The Sydney Morning Herald logo The Sydney Morning Herald logo Good Food logo   • Eating out     • Just open     • Reviews     • Best of     • News     • Suburb guides     • Regional guides     • International guides     • Good Food Guide     • Good Food Events   • Recipes     • Latest recipes     • Quick and easy     • Budget     • Healthy     • Vegetarian     • One-pot meals     • Baking     • Entertaining     • Chicken     • Pasta     • Recipe collections     • Search recipes   • Tips & advice     • Health and nutrition     • How to     • Masterclass     • Brain food   • Drinks Saved Advertisement FoodAussie icons  Dozer, the beloved dog of RecipeTin Eats’ fame, has died  The chief taste-tester and beloved best friend of RecipeTin Eats’ Nagi Maehashi has gone to the big dog kitchen in the sky.  Dani Valent Dani Valent  February 8, 2026  You have reached your maximum number of saved items.  Remove items from your saved list to add more.  Dozer, the beloved canine companion of RecipeTin Eats founder Nagi Maehashi, has died aged 13. The Golden Retriever entered veterinary ICU on January 22 with a double lung infection. Always the optimist and with the very best care, he rallied and returned home before being readmitted.  On February 3, Maehashi posted a blog titled The Final Chapter: Life of Dozer, accepting the reality of her dog’s decline and announcing she was stepping back from work to be with him in his last days and hopefully weeks. On Sunday, she confirmed that on February 5, he wagged his last.  Dozer predates RecipeTin Eats by two years. As a founding member of the popular recipe-creation team, the adored 40kg dog was installed as Chief Taste Tester even though Maehashi admits that, in true retriever style, he wasn’t that discerning.  Nagi Maehashi and her beloved dog Dozer of RecipeTin Eats fame. James Brickwood  “He’s useless at taste testing because according to him, everything is scoff-worthy,” she wrote. “From broccoli to mango, peas to sushi, he inhales sweet potato skins and devours watermelon rinds like they’re meaty bones.”  Advertisement  The sweet softie was a constant presence in RecipeTin Eats photo shoots, and he attended book signings, dinners and fundraisers alongside his owner. When he couldn’t be there, he came as a cardboard cut-out.  Restaurant reviews, news and the hottest openings served to your inbox.  Sign up  Dozer updates became such a part of Maehashi’s communication with her devoted audience that the dog now has his own tab on every blog post. Readers can “jump to” recipe, video or Dozer, where the content includes cute snaps under the dining table, health updates, pics of Dozer at the beach or, perhaps, staring longingly at the washing machine while his toys tumble inside.  Best friends Nagi and Dozer. 1 / 6Best friends Nagi and Dozer.Rob Palmer Nagi Maehashi testing recipes with Dozer. 2 / 6Nagi Maehashi testing recipes with Dozer.James Brickwood Nagi and Dozer brush up on recipes from bestselling RecipeTin Eats cookbook Tonight. 3 / 6Nagi and Dozer brush up on recipes from bestselling RecipeTin Eats cookbook Tonight.James Brickwood Nagi and Dozer get into the Christmas spirit. 4 / 6Nagi and Dozer get into the Christmas spirit.Rob Palmer Dozer always kept a watchful (and hopeful) eye on Nagi’s recipe creations. 5 / 6Dozer always kept a watchful (and hopeful) eye on Nagi’s recipe creations.Rob Palmer Selfies on the sofa with Dozer. 6 / 6Selfies on the sofa with Dozer.James Brickwood  Dozer appeared on PlaySchool and the cover of The Big Issue, also featuring in a children’s book called Row, Row, Row Your Boat (With Monsters) by Adam Simpson.  The breed’s average life span is 10 to 12 years. In 2024, aged 11, Dozer underwent surgery for laryngeal paralysis, a condition that made it hard for him to breathe. He recovered slowly and was never quite his old, bouncy self.  Advertisement The sweet softie was a constant presence in RecipeTin Eats photo shoots, and he attended book signings, dinners and fundraisers alongside his owner.  Post-surgery, Maehashi wrote, “You’ve been the one constant in my life since the moment I got you. You love unconditionally. You’re unwaveringly faithful. You want to be friends with everyone. I have wanted you all my life. But I waited and waited until I knew I was in a position to be able to care for you properly, when I was done with the corporate world, travelling overseas and working long hours in the city.  “I knew you would need care and attention as you grew older. You’re so fit and healthy for your age, but it was inevitable that time would catch up with you one day. Whatever the coming years bring, I will be here for you to do whatever I can to make your life happy and comfortable. I love you with all my heart, Dozer.”  In the introduction to her 2024 book, Tonight, which has Nagi and Dozer on the cover, the author wrote in her introduction: “Cooking, eating, photographing and sharing recipes of damn tasty food with people all around the world, with Dozer by my side, is what makes me happy. Full stop, end of story.”  Advertisement  The world has only known Nagi alongside her sidekick dog. His story has stopped, he will live on in RecipeTin Eats books, blog and in the heart of his adoring custodian.  Related  Nagi Maehashi of RecipeTin Eats.   • Recipe collection  RecipeTin Eats x Good Food recipes  You have reached your maximum number of saved items.  Remove items from your saved list to add more.  License this article  More:    • Aussie icons   • For subscribers Dani ValentDani Valent is a food writer and restaurant reviewer.  From our partners  Advertisement Advertisement Good Food logo InstagramFacebookTwitterTikTok The Sydney Morning Herald logo TwitterFacebookInstagramRSS  Our Sites  The Sydney Morning HeraldThe AgeBrisbane TimesWAtodayThe Australian Financial Reviewnine.com.auDrive  Classifieds  TributesPlace your ad  The Sydney Morning Herald  Contact & supportAdvertise with usNewslettersAccessibility guideSitemapPhoto salesPurchase front pagesContent licensingWork with usTerms of usePrivacy policyPress CouncilCharter of Editorial IndependenceAI Editorial Guidelines  Products & Services  Subscription packagesMy accountSubscriber FAQsDelivery statusToday’s PaperGood Food GuideDaily Puzzles Copyright © 2026 Subscribe
on  RecipeTin Eats x Good Food recipes  You have reached your maximum number of saved items.  Remove items from your saved list to add more.  License this article  More:    • Aussie icons   • For subscribers Dani ValentDani Valent is a food writer and restaurant reviewer.  From our partners  Advertisement Advertisement Good Food logo InstagramFacebookTwitterTikTok The Sydney Morning Herald logo TwitterFacebookInstagramRSS  Our Sites  The Sydney Morning HeraldThe AgeBrisbane TimesWAtodayThe Australian Financial Reviewnine.com.auDrive  Classifieds  TributesPlace your ad  The Sydney Morning Herald  Contact & supportAdvertise with usNewslettersAccessibility guideSitemapPhoto salesPurchase front pagesContent licensingWork with usTerms of usePrivacy policyPress CouncilCharter of Editorial IndependenceAI Editorial Guidelines  Products & Services  Subscription packagesMy accountSubscriber FAQsDelivery statusToday’s PaperGood Food GuideDaily Puzzles Copyright © 2026 Subscribe
__label__wiki 292d Madras Day: The film songs that best capture the city’s diverse spirit   • Become A Member   • Gift Membership   • Gift Membership Scroll.in Logo   • Gift Membership   • Sign In   • Become A Member   • Home   • Common Ground   • The Latest   • Members-Only   • Video   • Eco India   • The Reel   • Magazine   • Trending     Trending     • Ramachandra Guha: Seven power partnerships shaped independent India. Which were the most damaging?        Ramachandra Guha: Seven power partnerships shaped independent India. Which were the most damaging?        Ramachandra Guha     • How slow counting of votes in Bengal helped BJP win a lost seat from Trinamool        How slow counting of votes in Bengal helped BJP win a lost seat from Trinamool        Anant Gupta     • A new book argues women must think of themselves as ‘providers’ and not just financially independent        A new book argues women must think of themselves as ‘providers’ and not just financially independent        Harnidh Kaur     • The forgotten plan to station Canadian soldiers in British India        The forgotten plan to station Canadian soldiers in British India        Ajay Kamalakaran     • How lovingly curated independent bookstores are helping reading culture grow in India        How lovingly curated independent bookstores are helping reading culture grow in India        Aakriti Mandhwani     • Andhra Pradesh to offer incentive of Rs 30,000 for third child, Rs 40,000 for fourth        Andhra Pradesh to offer incentive of Rs 30,000 for third child, Rs 40,000 for fourth        Scroll Staff     • ‘Baapya’ review: A gender bender about a man who loved a woman who was always a man        ‘Baapya’ review: A gender bender about a man who loved a woman who was always a man        Nandini Ramnath     • ‘Indian Institute of Zombies’ review: Backbenchers to the rescue in inspired but uneven comedy        ‘Indian Institute of Zombies’ review: Backbenchers to the rescue in inspired but uneven comedy        Nandini Ramnath     • Oxfam was involved in campaign against Assam tea industry, violated FCRA, claims Centre in HC        Oxfam was involved in campaign against Assam tea industry, violated FCRA, claims Centre in HC        Scroll Staff     • Should you exercise in the morning or evening? Depends on your body clock        Should you exercise in the morning or evening? Depends on your body clock        Paul Hough, The Conversation     • Excesses in the time of austerity        Excesses in the time of austerity        Nachiket Deuskar     • Mahesh Bhatt on his mother Shrin: ‘The woman who belonged everywhere’        Mahesh Bhatt on his mother Shrin: ‘The woman who belonged everywhere’        Mahesh Bhatt        &        Sunita Pant Bansal     We Need Your Help     Scroll has produced award-winning journalism despite threats, falling ad revenues and rising costs. Support our work. Become a member today.   • More     More     • Politics     • Culture     • India     • World     • Film and TV     • Music     • Books and Ideas     • Business and Economy     • Health     • Education     • Climate and Environment     Newsletters     • The Daily Brief     • Now Watching By The Reel     Read on the Go     Get updates     • 3156     Please Don't Look Away     AI is hollowing out independent media, stealing our readership and revenue. Only you can stop this bleeding. Support our work. Join Scroll today!   • Newsletters  1098f Ad OTHERS ARE  Reading icon icon    • Ramachandra Guha: Seven power partnerships shaped independent India. Which were the most damaging?     1      Ramachandra Guha: Seven power partnerships shaped independent India. Which were the most damaging?   • How slow counting of votes in Bengal helped BJP win a lost seat from Trinamool     2      How slow counting of votes in Bengal helped BJP win a lost seat from Trinamool   • A new book argues women must think of themselves as ‘providers’ and not just financially independent     3      A new book argues women must think of themselves as ‘providers’ and not just financially independent   • The forgotten plan to station Canadian soldiers in British India     4      The forgotten plan to station Canadian soldiers in British India   • How lovingly curated independent bookstores are helping reading culture grow in India     5      How lovingly curated independent bookstores are helping reading culture grow in India   • Andhra Pradesh to offer incentive of Rs 30,000 for third child, Rs 40,000 for fourth     6      Andhra Pradesh to offer incentive of Rs 30,000 for third child, Rs 40,000 for fourth   • ‘Baapya’ review: A gender bender about a man who loved a woman who was always a man     7      ‘Baapya’ review: A gender bender about a man who loved a woman who was always a man   • ‘Indian Institute of Zombies’ review: Backbenchers to the rescue in inspired but uneven comedy     8      ‘Indian Institute of Zombies’ review: Backbenchers to the rescue in inspired but uneven comedy   • Oxfam was involved in campaign against Assam tea industry, violated FCRA, claims Centre in HC     9      Oxfam was involved in campaign against Assam tea industry, violated FCRA, claims Centre in HC   • Should you exercise in the morning or evening? Depends on your body clock     10      Should you exercise in the morning or evening? Depends on your body clock Tamil cinema  Madras Day: The film songs that best capture the city’s diverse spirit  Numerous film tunes have paid tribute to the Tamil Nadu capital’s uniqueness and beauty.  Sruthi Ganapathy Raman Aug 22, 2017 · 03:00 pm   • Share on Facebook   • Share on X   • Share on LinkedIn   • Share on BlueSky   • Share on Threads   • Share on Reddit   • Copy Link   • Email   • Print Add Scroll on Google iOS App Android App Madras Day: The film songs that best capture the city’s diverse spirit  What better way to mark the founding of the city once known as Madras than by singing songs in its praise?  Whether through lyrics or locations, Tamil film songs have celebrated the wonders of Chennai in numerous ways. In May Madham (1994), a poncho-clad Manorama plays the city’s wackiest tour guide to Vineeth and Sonali Kulkarni in Madrasa Suthi Paaka Poren. Accompanied by lungi-wearing guitarists and Manorama, Sonali Kulkarni’s character sings, “I will build a house on the Marina beach and will stand atop the lighthouse.”  The song’s veneration of Chennai doesn’t end with the lyrics but also seeps into the visuals, providing gorgeous views of Napier bridge, Ripon building, Marina beach and Anna Salai.  Play Madrasa Suthi Paaka Poren from May Madham.  A different kind of wonderment is expressed in Madras Nalla Madras from K Balachander’s Anubavi Raja Anubavi (1967). A village simpleton (Nagesh) tries to keep up with the fast-paced city and the speeding traffic. True to Balachander’s style, the song’s lyrics are spiced with satire. The difference between a man and a woman aren’t apparent, Nagesh sings, strolling past the iconic LIC building and the Buhari restaurant.  Madras Nalla Madras from Anubavi Raja Anubavi (1967).  Chennai’s unique slang is paired with rap music in Pettai Rap from Shankar’s Kadhalan (1994). “Ammapettai Ayyampettai Teynaampettai Thengai Mattai,” Vadivelu sings, covering the important neighbourhoods of Chennai while dancing with the rubber-limbed Prabhudeva.  One of the pettais, Pudhupettai, features in Selvaraghavan’s Enga Area Ulla Varathey from his 2006 film of the same name. Marking the invisible border between North Chennai and other neighbourhoods, the song is replete with Chennai lingo, down to Dhanush’s character name: Kokki Kumar. The song subsequently became the tagline of Venkat Prabhu’s Chennai 600028 (2007).  Play Enga Area Ulla Varathey from Pudhupettai (2006).  One of the city’s modern anthems is Enga Ooru Madras from Pa Ranjith’s Madras (2014). From the rickety housing board societies in Vyasarpadi to the graffiti art in George Town, the song captures the essence of the movie’s protagonist, which is the city itself. “Ripon building, High court ellam sengal mannal mattum alla, engaloda rathangalum senthirrukum”: the likes of Ripon building and the High Court were built not just with bricks, but also our blood.  Pandiraj’s Marina (2012) captures life on the city’s most famous beach. Vannakam Chennai from the film features celebrities such as Prakash Raj, Sashi Kumar, Sneha, Vikram and Vimal singing Chennai’s praises.  Play Enga ooru Madras from Madras (2014).  Words are not the only way to pay tribute to a city. Several film songs capture Chennai’s physical beauty and geographical and cultural diversity through locations and backdrops. CV Sridhar’s Manidhan Enbavan from Sumaithaangi (1962) sees Gemini Ganesan strolls through the stretch of Marina beach, crooning about the wonders of humanity.  Resembling the statue of Thomas Munro on a horse – one of Madras’s most popular governors – in Anna Salai, MG Ramachandran rides a galloping white horse along the streets of the city in Nenjam Undu Nermai Undu from En Annan (1970). The song includes glimpses of Ripon building, the real Thomas Munro statue and, of course, the statue of Ramachandran’s mentor CN Annadurai on Mount Road.  Play Nenjam Undu Nermai Undu from En Annan (1970).  In 1968, one of Chennai’s strikingly tall structures was enshrined on film in CV Rajendran’s romantic drama Galata Kalyanam, starring J Jayalalithaa, Sivaji Ganesan, Nagesh, Cho Ramaswamy and Manorama. The famous MS Viswanathan composition Engal Kalyanam features courtship at Anna Nagar Tower Park – a practice that has been observed in real life too.  Engal Kalyanam from Galata Kalyanam (1968).  Rajinikanth and Radhika cover almost the entire stretch of Mount Road in Ivan Peru Ranga from Ranga (1982). Gliding past the LIC building, Gemini flyover, and Chennai High Court, the chirpy newly-weds croon their love for each other.  The Chennai monsoon acts as a delightful distraction for the rebellious young Divya (Revathi) in Oho Megham Vandhado from Mani Ratnam’s Mouna Ragam (1986). Even as her prospective groom waits for her at her house, Divya and her friends dance on Elliot’s Beach. The beach also makes a fleeting appearance in Konja Naal Poru Thalaiva from Aasai (1995).  Play Ivan Peru Ranga from Ranga (1982).  Elliot’s Beach, along with the LIC building and Napier bridge, are among Chennai’s most camera-friendly landmarks. In Gautham Menon’s Vaaranam Aayiram (2008), the song Yethi Yethi provides a well-rounded visual tour. A young Suriya shakes a leg along with his classmates in the song, which provides glimpses of Pilot theatre, Adyar beach and the temples of Mylapore.  M Manikandan’s Kaaka Muttai (2015) turns the lens away from the picture postcard views and towards its underbelly. The beautifully shot Sel Sel song maps the impoverished world of two brothers from the Saidapet slums, and stops by at the Cooum river and the tracks of Saidapet railway station.  Other songs that duck into more lived-in neighbourhoods include Aval Appadi Onnum Azhagillai from Angadi Theru (2010), which is set on the lucrative Ranganathan Street, and Shankar’s Mersalaayitten from I (2015), which provides a fabulous view of Vannarapettai, or Washermanpet.  Play Sel Sel from Kaaka Muttai (2015).  Some songs convey the unique flavours of Chennai without resorting to aural or visual gimmicks. Rajinikanth’s Naan Autokaran from Baasha (1995) is an unmatched ode to the hard-working drivers of the city’s ubiquitous three-wheelers.  No matter which exotic international location he might choose to shoot in, director Shankar has a special place in his heart for his city. In Ennaku Oru Girlfriend from Boys (2003), Shankar compresses the elements of 1990s Chennai into the five-minute song: shopping malls, internet surfing, disco hopping and movie theatres. Chikku Bukku Rayile from Shankar’s Gentleman (1993) is an ode to the romance-and-the-railways genre element so dear to filmmakers.  Play Chikku Bukku Rayile from Gentleman (1993).  An indelible part of Tamil music is the Gana genre, which has its origins in North Chennai. “Gana is the expression of Chennai people, of those oppressed, discriminated or pushed away to the fringes by the society... It’s about life, struggle, happiness and everything around him,” explained Marana Gana Viji, who sang Danga Maari Oodhari in Anegan (2014), in an interview in Times of India. Dancing at the slums of Fort George against backdrops of Rajinikanth graffiti and railway stations, the song sees Dhanush throw light on the unique relationship between Gana and the city. Even the simplest of daily routines, such as waiting to fill buckets with water and grabbing breakfast, get a lift with Gana.  Manorama’s Vaa Vathiyare from Bommalattam (1968) is among the earliest tunes to co-opt the musical style into popular cinema. Manorama gives Kamal Haasan a run for his money in Annathe Adurar from Aboorva Sagodhargal (1989). “Kuthuna Kuthuvaen Vaettuna Vaettuvaen”: If you punch, I will punch back and if you cut, I will cut, Hassan sings in the middle of Chennai’s streets, where it is all happening.  Play Annathe Adurar from Aboorva Sagodharargal (1989). We welcome your comments at letters@scroll.in.   • Madras Day   • Tamil Film Music   • Madrasa Suthi Paaka Poren Get the app Get the app ANDROID iOS  Related  Watch: Vijay Sethupathi and Trisha meet S Janaki in deleted scene from ‘96’  Watch: Vijay Sethupathi and Trisha meet S Janaki in deleted scene from ‘96’  Trending    1. Ramachandra Guha: Seven power partnerships shaped independent India. Which were the most damaging?      Ramachandra Guha: Seven power partnerships shaped independent India. Which were the most damaging?   2. How slow counting of votes in Bengal helped BJP win a lost seat from Trinamool      How slow counting of votes in Bengal helped BJP win a lost seat from Trinamool   3. 2d4f A new book argues women must think of themselves as ‘providers’ and not just financially independent      A new book argues women must think of themselves as ‘providers’ and not just financially independent   4. The forgotten plan to station Canadian soldiers in British India      The forgotten plan to station Canadian soldiers in British India   5. How lovingly curated independent bookstores are helping reading culture grow in India      How lovingly curated independent bookstores are helping reading culture grow in India Ad 0
padi Onnum Azhagillai from Angadi Theru (2010), which is set on the lucrative Ranganathan Street, and Shankar’s Mersalaayitten from I (2015), which provides a fabulous view of Vannarapettai, or Washermanpet.  Play Sel Sel from Kaaka Muttai (2015).  Some songs convey the unique flavours of Chennai without resorting to aural or visual gimmicks. Rajinikanth’s Naan Autokaran from Baasha (1995) is an unmatched ode to the hard-working drivers of the city’s ubiquitous three-wheelers.  No matter which exotic international location he might choose to shoot in, director Shankar has a special place in his heart for his city. In Ennaku Oru Girlfriend from Boys (2003), Shankar compresses the elements of 1990s Chennai into the five-minute song: shopping malls, internet surfing, disco hopping and movie theatres. Chikku Bukku Rayile from Shankar’s Gentleman (1993) is an ode to the romance-and-the-railways genre element so dear to filmmakers.  Play Chikku Bukku Rayile from Gentleman (1993).  An indelible part of Tamil music is the Gana genre, which has its origins in North Chennai. “Gana is the expression of Chennai people, of those oppressed, discriminated or pushed away to the fringes by the society... It’s about life, struggle, happiness and everything around him,” explained Marana Gana Viji, who sang Danga Maari Oodhari in Anegan (2014), in an interview in Times of India. Dancing at the slums of Fort George against backdrops of Rajinikanth graffiti and railway stations, the song sees Dhanush throw light on the unique relationship between Gana and the city. Even the simplest of daily routines, such as waiting to fill buckets with water and grabbing breakfast, get a lift with Gana.  Manorama’s Vaa Vathiyare from Bommalattam (1968) is among the earliest tunes to co-opt the musical style into popular cinema. Manorama gives Kamal Haasan a run for his money in Annathe Adurar from Aboorva Sagodhargal (1989). “Kuthuna Kuthuvaen Vaettuna Vaettuvaen”: If you punch, I will punch back and if you cut, I will cut, Hassan sings in the middle of Chennai’s streets, where it is all happening.  Play Annathe Adurar from Aboorva Sagodharargal (1989). We welcome your comments at letters@scroll.in.   • Madras Day   • Tamil Film Music   • Madrasa Suthi Paaka Poren Get the app Get the app ANDROID iOS  Related  Watch: Vijay Sethupathi and Trisha meet S Janaki in deleted scene from ‘96’  Watch: Vijay Sethupathi and Trisha meet S Janaki in deleted scene from ‘96’  Trending    1. Ramachandra Guha: Seven power partnerships shaped independent India. Which were the most damaging?      Ramachandra Guha: Seven power partnerships shaped independent India. Which were the most damaging?   2. How slow counting of votes in Bengal helped BJP win a lost seat from Trinamool      How slow counting of votes in Bengal helped BJP win a lost seat from Trinamool   3. 2d4f A new book argues women must think of themselves as ‘providers’ and not just financially independent      A new book argues women must think of themselves as ‘providers’ and not just financially independent   4. The forgotten plan to station Canadian soldiers in British India      The forgotten plan to station Canadian soldiers in British India   5. How lovingly curated independent bookstores are helping reading culture grow in India      How lovingly curated independent bookstores are helping reading culture grow in India Ad 0
__label__wiki 45d3 Update Your Browser  Update Your Browser  You’re using a web browser that isn’t supported by Facebook. To get a better experience, go to one of these sites and get the latest version of your preferred browser: Google Chrome Mozilla Firefox Get Facebook on Your Phone Stay connected anytime, anywhere. 16b4 0
__label__wiki 8000 GDC 06: Resistance Shown - IGN   • Xbox One   • Xbox 360   • PS4   • PS3   • Vita   • Nintendo   • PC   • Mobile   • Movies   • TV   • Tech   • Comics   • Reviews   • Upcoming   • Videos   • Wikis + Cheats   • Podcasts   • Boards   • Trailers IGN on YouTube IGN on Facebook IGN on Twitter MORE Browse   • Shows     • Daily Fix       Monday through Friday       Daily Fix       Netflix Remaking Last Airbender — But WHY?       play latest       • Daily Fix       • Prepare To Try       • HotKeys       • Up At Noon       • Game Scoop!       • Beyond!       • Nintendo Voice Chat       • Unlocked       • more shows       • Fireteam Chat       • IGN Every Ever       • Linked Together       • IGN Spotlight       • IGN Unfiltered       • IGN Access       • IGN Plays     • Game Scoop!       Every Thrs       Game Scoop!       Should New Game+ Be Standard in Single-player Games?       play latest     • Prepare To Try       New episodes every Saturday.       Prepare To Try       Save Solaire - Fighting Gwyn - Part 7       play latest     • Nintendo Voice Chat       8000       Every Friday       Nintendo Voice Chat       Nintendo Switch Online: What Did We Think of the Announcement?- NVC Highlight       play latest   • Reviews   • PS4   • Xbox   • PC   • Nintendo   • Movies   • TV   • Tech   • Esports     • ×     You've Come This Far...     ×       IGN       us       Big Story       Captain Marvel First Trailer       Trending Today       FIFA 19 Review       GDC 06: Resistance Shown       Trending Today       FIFA 19 Review       PlayStation Classic Announced and Dated       Advertisement       Destiny 2: Forsaken Review       Castlevania: Symphony of the Night Seemingly Coming to PS4       Valkyria Chronicles 4 Review       Loki and Scarlet Witch Are Reportedly Getting Their Own TV Shows       New Live-Action Avatar: The Last Airbender Series Coming to Netflix       Do Japanese Games Now Occupy the Space Between Indie and AAA?       Every World Confirmed for KH3 So Far       Project Blue Book: The Stunning True Stories Behind History's New UFO Show       The New GeForce RTX 20 Series Nvidia Preorders Are Live, But Hard to Get       Nintendo Switch Online is Live Now       Is Captain Marvel's Alien Cat Hiding in the First Poster?       Ubisoft Unveils Alexios, an Assassin's Creed Odyssey-Themed Alexa       Is Captain Marvel Human or Alien?       Does Avatar: The Last Airbender Really Need the Live-Action Treatment?       Dark Souls Remastered Network Test Dates Announced for Switch       Take-Two CEO Says Consoles Won't Have 'Closed System Walls' in the Future       Destiny 2 Fans Are Conflicted Over Forsaken's Raid Requirements       Resistance: Fall of Man / 22 Mar 2006 11:33 AM PST        GDC 06: Resistance Shown        Share.       The makers of Ratchet and Clank get a lot less fuzzy, but still keep it surreal.       By Marc Nix        In its platform keynote address at GDC 2006 this morning, Sony Computer Entertainment displayed a new demo for Resistance, the game previously known as I-8.        In development at Insomniac Games (the makers of early Spyros and all the Ratchet and Clanks), the new real-time demo showed the game in much more complete form than the simple FPS that was shown at E3 in 2005. In the demonstration (which may still an alternate version of historic warfare, although the latest trailer showed more of a post-apocalyptic, alien-invader look), the gameplay was shown with new weapons very much like Ratchet and Clank, only now with a more realistic slant. How real did the game demo get? There were body parts tossed about that rolled around on the ground... with realistic physics, of course. The demo also showed off effects such as smoke trails on grenades, tactical troop movements, and enemies that came from the ceilings as the lead character ran down a devastated corridor.        Speaking at the show, Insomniac was said to love the Blu-ray's contribution of tremendous space to gaming. The team also loves the multiple simultaneous processor units.        Check back later for our firsthand impressions of the game.        IN THIS ARTICLE       Resistance: Fall of Man Released Nov. 13th, 2006       PS3       Wiki Guide 35 Pages       IGN Recommends       PlayStation Classic Announced and Dated       PlayStation Classic Announced and Dated       FIFA 19 Review       FIFA 19 Review       Destiny 2: Forsaken Review       Destiny 2: Forsaken Review       Valkyria Chronicles 4 Review       Valkyria Chronicles 4 Review       Castlevania: Symphony of the Night Seemingly Coming to PS4       Castlevania: Symphony of the Night Seemingly Coming to PS4       Loki and Scarlet Witch Are Reportedly Getting Their Own TV Shows       Loki and Scarlet Witch Are Reportedly Getting Their Own TV Shows       Do Japanese Games Now Occupy the Space Between Indi 1839 e and AAA?       Do Japanese Games Now Occupy the Space Between Indie and AAA?       New Live-Action Avatar: The Last Airbender Series Coming to Netflix       New Live-Action Avatar: The Last Airbender Series Coming to Netflix        © 1996-2018 Ziff Davis, LLC       Join the IGN Newsletter       Contact Us Careers Advertise Accessibility Support Terms of Use AdChoices        We encourage you to read our updated PRIVACY POLICY and COOKIE POLICY.        ×       0
__label__wiki bcd4 In Memoriam: Wellborn Jack Jr. – The Ozark Society Skip to content The Ozark Society Logo The Ozark Society Logo   • Home   • Chapters & Activities     • Bayou – Shreveport, LA     • Buffalo River – Gilbert, AR     • Highlands – Fayetteville, AR     • Pulaski – Little Rock, AR     • Schoolcraft – Springfield, MO     • Sugar Creek – Bentonville, AR     • General OS Activities   • Store   • “First River” Documentary   • Donations     • Ozark Society Endowment Fund   • Awards, Grants, Scholarships     • Neil Compton Award     • OS Sassafras Hiking Award       • Sassafras Hiking Award Registration     • Ozark Society Youth Grants     • OS Sassafras Literary Award   • Officers   • About Us     • Pack & Paddle Newsletters     • OS Climate Change Statement     • By Laws     • PDFs  In Memoriam: Wellborn Jack Jr.  Previous Next  In Memoriam: Wellborn Jack Jr.  The Ozark Society2023-05-24T15:21:10-05:00  By Carolyn Shearman and The Shreveport Times  Wellborn Jack Jr. passed away April 4, 2023. He was born in Shreveport on July 23, 1936. He attended Barrett Elementary, Broadmoor Jr. High and Byrd High School. He graduated from LSU and LSU Law School where he was named Editor in Chief of the Law Review. He began the practice of law with his father in Shreveport in 1963. Wellborn had a brilliant mind and a passion for the law. He had an unparalleled commitment to his clients. He was included in “The Best Trial Lawyers of America” collection. Of all the cases he tried in his over 50 years as a trial attorney, two of them especially stood out. He was the first in the country to obtain, in a violent case, a not guilty by reason of insanity verdict based upon PTSD from the Vietnam War. He also defended a member of Earth First in an environmental conspiracy case in AZ. Wellborn was a life-long environmentalist. He was instrumental in creating the Caney Creek Wilderness Area, the first designated wilderness area in AR. He obtained a temporary restraining order to stop the dam ultimately built on the Cossatot River. He was a co-founder of the Kisatchie Chapter of the Ozark Society. He was named Conservationist of the Year. He was awarded the Ozark Society Neil Compton Award in 2002. Wellborn served in the National Guard Reserves. He enjoyed bird watching, hiking, canoeing, sailing, snow skiing, motorcycle riding, running, triathlons, piloting gliders and small planes and spending time with friends of Bill Wilson. He studied the intricate details of every activity in which he engaged and put everything he had plus some into it. He never lost his thirst for and love of knowledge. Everyone who ever met Wellborn knew that they had met someone very special.  Share This Story, Choose Your Platform!  FacebookXRedditLinkedInWhatsAppTumblrPinterestVkEmail The Ozark Society Page load link X Go to Top 0
assic Announced and Dated       FIFA 19 Review       FIFA 19 Review       Destiny 2: Forsaken Review       Destiny 2: Forsaken Review       Valkyria Chronicles 4 Review       Valkyria Chronicles 4 Review       Castlevania: Symphony of the Night Seemingly Coming to PS4       Castlevania: Symphony of the Night Seemingly Coming to PS4       Loki and Scarlet Witch Are Reportedly Getting Their Own TV Shows       Loki and Scarlet Witch Are Reportedly Getting Their Own TV Shows       Do Japanese Games Now Occupy the Space Between Indi 1839 e and AAA?       Do Japanese Games Now Occupy the Space Between Indie and AAA?       New Live-Action Avatar: The Last Airbender Series Coming to Netflix       New Live-Action Avatar: The Last Airbender Series Coming to Netflix        © 1996-2018 Ziff Davis, LLC       Join the IGN Newsletter       Contact Us Careers Advertise Accessibility Support Terms of Use AdChoices        We encourage you to read our updated PRIVACY POLICY and COOKIE POLICY.        ×       0
__label__wiki bcd4 In Memoriam: Wellborn Jack Jr. – The Ozark Society Skip to content The Ozark Society Logo The Ozark Society Logo   • Home   • Chapters & Activities     • Bayou – Shreveport, LA     • Buffalo River – Gilbert, AR     • Highlands – Fayetteville, AR     • Pulaski – Little Rock, AR     • Schoolcraft – Springfield, MO     • Sugar Creek – Bentonville, AR     • General OS Activities   • Store   • “First River” Documentary   • Donations     • Ozark Society Endowment Fund   • Awards, Grants, Scholarships     • Neil Compton Award     • OS Sassafras Hiking Award       • Sassafras Hiking Award Registration     • Ozark Society Youth Grants     • OS Sassafras Literary Award   • Officers   • About Us     • Pack & Paddle Newsletters     • OS Climate Change Statement     • By Laws     • PDFs  In Memoriam: Wellborn Jack Jr.  Previous Next  In Memoriam: Wellborn Jack Jr.  The Ozark Society2023-05-24T15:21:10-05:00  By Carolyn Shearman and The Shreveport Times  Wellborn Jack Jr. passed away April 4, 2023. He was born in Shreveport on July 23, 1936. He attended Barrett Elementary, Broadmoor Jr. High and Byrd High School. He graduated from LSU and LSU Law School where he was named Editor in Chief of the Law Review. He began the practice of law with his father in Shreveport in 1963. Wellborn had a brilliant mind and a passion for the law. He had an unparalleled commitment to his clients. He was included in “The Best Trial Lawyers of America” collection. Of all the cases he tried in his over 50 years as a trial attorney, two of them especially stood out. He was the first in the country to obtain, in a violent case, a not guilty by reason of insanity verdict based upon PTSD from the Vietnam War. He also defended a member of Earth First in an environmental conspiracy case in AZ. Wellborn was a life-long environmentalist. He was instrumental in creating the Caney Creek Wilderness Area, the first designated wilderness area in AR. He obtained a temporary restraining order to stop the dam ultimately built on the Cossatot River. He was a co-founder of the Kisatchie Chapter of the Ozark Society. He was named Conservationist of the Year. He was awarded the Ozark Society Neil Compton Award in 2002. Wellborn served in the National Guard Reserves. He enjoyed bird watching, hiking, canoeing, sailing, snow skiing, motorcycle riding, running, triathlons, piloting gliders and small planes and spending time with friends of Bill Wilson. He studied the intricate details of every activity in which he engaged and put everything he had plus some into it. He never lost his thirst for and love of knowledge. Everyone who ever met Wellborn knew that they had met someone very special.  Share This Story, Choose Your Platform!  FacebookXRedditLinkedInWhatsAppTumblrPinterestVkEmail The Ozark Society Page load link X Go to Top 0
__label__wiki 999 404 Not Found  404  Not Found  The resource requested could not be found on this server!   Proudly powered by LiteSpeed Web Server  Please be advised that LiteSpeed Technologies Inc. is not a web hosting company and, as such, has no control over content found on this site.  0
__label__wiki 8000 Chaka Fattah corruption trial testimony pushed back to May 16 | 6abc.com Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. 6abc 6abc Philadelphia Sections Traffic Video PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Categories U.S. & World Healthcheck Consumer Saving with 6abc Community News Sports Troubleshooters Investigation Entertainment Politics 6abc Loves the Arts Jim Gardner One-on-One Station Info About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Shows Watch Action News Online FYI Philly High School Huddle Live Well Network Laff TV Puerto Rican Panorama Join the Action! Send your pictures and videos to Action News! Follow Us FacebookTwitterGoogle+Newsletters   • BREAKING NEWS LIVE @ 1:45 p.m.: Police update on Cedarbrook deadly shootings     Full Story POLITICS  Fattah corruption trial testimony pushed back to May 16  You need Flash to watch this video.Sorry, your browser doesn't support Flash, needs a Flash update, or has Flash disabled. Congressman Chaka Fattah will have extra time to prepare for his upcoming criminal trial. (WPVI) AP Wednesday, April 06, 2016 A veteran Pennsylvania congressman battling corruption charges has been given two more weeks to prepare for his May trial.  A judge Wednesday has delayed the trial for U.S. Rep. Chaka Fattah and several co-defendants to give them more time to review more than 100,000 documents amassed by prosecutors.  Fattah is running for his 11th term but faces several challengers in the April Democratic primary.  The 59-year-old Fattah is accused of taking bribes and misusing campaign funds and federal grants to repay debt from a failed 2007 run for mayor of Philadelphia.  His co-defendants include a lobbyist and his former chief of staff.  Jury selection in the case will begin on the original trial date of May 2.  U.S. District Judge Harvey Bartle III has delayed the start of testimony until May 16. Related Topics: politics politics philly news corruption trial chaka fattah Center City Philadelphia (Copyright ©2016 by The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments POLITICS This Day In History: President Truman opens White House bowling alley Kasich, in Philly, defends collaboration with Cruz against Trump Hillary Clinton visits 2 Philadelphia churches Bernie Sanders speaks with 6abc Action News Supporters rally for Donald Trump in Del. More Politics Top Stories ESPN: Sam Bradford demands trade after Eagles move for No. 2 pick 2 killed in Cedarbrook ID'd; One killed near candidate LIVE @ 1:45 p.m.: Police update on Cedarbrook deadly shootings Man killed in North Wales church shooting ID'd Appeals court: QB Tom Brady must serve 'Deflategate' penalty Kasich, in Philly, defends collaboration with Cruz against Trump Girl, 16, shot while riding in minivan in Trenton Show More Woman hurt jumping from burning N. Phila. home 2 big brush fires in Poconos intentionally set, officials say Man charged in fatal NJ birthday party shooting CVS recalls herbal tea due to possible Salmonella risk Philadelphia soul singer Billy Paul dies at 81 More News Top Video 2 big brush fires in Poconos intentionally set, officials say Wildwood considers banning hoverboards on boardwalk Kasich, in Philly, defends collaboration with Cruz against Trump 2 killed in Cedarbrook ID'd; One killed near candidate More Video 6abc Philadelphia   • Home   • AccuWeather   • Traffic   • Local News       PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware   • Categories       Video Photos U.S. & World Healthcheck Consumer Saving with 6abc Community News Sports   • Station Info       About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community   • Shows       Watch Action News Online FYI Philly High School Huddle Live Well Network Laff TV Puerto Rican Panorama   • Apps Follow Us FacebookTwitterGoogle+Newsletters Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware U.S. & World Healthcheck Consumer Saving with 6abc Community News Sports About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2016 ABC Inc., WPVI-TV Philadelphia. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. 6abc 6abc Philadelphia Sections Traffic Video PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Categories U.S. & World Healthcheck Consumer Saving with 6abc Community News Sports Troubleshooters Investigation Entertainment Politics 6abc Loves the Arts Jim Gardner One-on-One Station Info About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Shows Watch Action News Online FYI Philly High School Huddle Live Well Network Laff TV Puerto Rican Panorama Join the Action! Send your pictures and videos to Action News! Follow Us FacebookTwitterGoogle+Newsletters Follow Us FacebookTwitterGoogle+Newsletters Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2016 ABC Inc., WPVI-TV Philadelphia 0
__label__wiki  Skip to content Blender   • HOME   • REVIEWS   • RECIPES   • ABOUT   • CONTACT Blender   • HOME   • REVIEWS   • RECIPES   • ABOUT   • CONTACT  Vitamix Pro 750 Blender Review  6 min readThe Vitamix Pro 750 is a modern and stylish machine with enough power and capacity to perform just any functions and do them satisfactorily. Click on this article for a detailed review of the Vitamix Pro 750 Blender.  Read More Twitter Facebook Pinterest Blender Reviews Best Blenders for Green Smoothies  Best Blenders for Green Smoothies  10 min readOne of the easiest ways to consume leafy greens is by incorporating them into refreshing drinks. In this article, we look at some of the best blenders for green smoothies.  Read More Twitter Facebook Pinterest Blender Reviews Best Oster Blenders in the Market- Blenders for Low Budget  Best Oster Blenders in the Market: Blenders for Low Budget  10 min readOster offers a range of affordable blenders with great performance. All options in our list of the best Oster blenders in the market are carefully chosen for your convenience.  Read More Twitter Facebook Pinterest Blender Reviews Best Countertop Blenders Under $100 of 2022  Best Countertop Blenders Under $100 of 2022  10 min readFinding a good blender for under $100 is not difficult if you know what you are looking for. Here’s our carefully chosen list of the best countertop blenders under $100.  Read More Twitter Facebook Pinterest Blender Reviews  LATEST BLENDER REVIEWS  Blendtec Classic 575 Blender Review  Blendtec Classic 575 Blender Review  6 min readIf you are looking for a powerful, reliable blender with digital controls that will last for years, the must be considered.  Twitter Facebook Pinterest Ninja Master Prep Professional QB1004 Blender Review  Ninja Master Prep Professional QB1004 Blender Review  6 min readThe Ninja Master Prep Professional Blender would be a perfect choice for your juices, smoothies, and sauces. It’s highly efficient and versatile worthy of the Ninja name. Read to know more about this blender.  Twitter Facebook Pinterest Top 5 Cheap Vitamix Alternatives In 2022  Top 5 Cheap Vitamix Alternatives In 2022  8 min readTop-quality blenders like Vitamix can be pretty expensive. You may want to go for a Vitamix alternative if you are not ready to spend a fortune on a blender. Check out this article for the top 5 alternatives to a Vitamix blender.  Twitter Facebook Pinterest 5 Of The Best Breville Blenders In 2022  5 Of The Best Breville Blenders In 2022  8 min readBreville has a consistent range of high-quality blenders that are tried and tested. In this article, we have compiled a list of their top blenders that deserves special mention.  Twitter Facebook Pinterest The 5 Best Ninja Blenders in 2022  The 5 Best Ninja Blenders in 2022  9 min readThe Ninja brand is synonymous with innovation, functionality, and affordability. Here’s our selection of the best Ninja blenders this 2022.  Twitter Facebook Pinterest Blendtec Designer 625 Blender Review  Blendtec Designer 625 Blender Review  6 min readThe Blendtec Designer 625 is an entire package filled with many good qualities that everyone should enjoy.  Twitter Facebook Pinterest  POPULAR BLENDER RECIPES  Peanut Butter  Peanut Butter  < 1 min readCreate that classic sandwich spread that everyone loves at the comfort of your own home with this Peanut Butter Recipe.  Twitter Facebook Pinterest The Best Liquid Bases For Smoothies  The Best Liquid Bases For Smoothies  5 min readCan’t choose a suitable liquid base for your smoothie? Here are a few that would give you great results, among others.  Twitter Facebook Pinterest Beet Pico de Gallo  Beet Pico de Gallo  < 1 min readTop off your tortilla chip with the rough, chopped texture of a raw vegetable dip with this Beet Pico de Gallo Recipe.  Twitter Facebook Pinterest How Much Juice Can You Get From a Lemon?  How Much Juice Can You Get From a Lemon?  5 min readTo enjoy your lemons best, you have to know how to get the most out of them, and this is what this entire article is about, teaching you how to get the full contents from a lemon fruit.  Twitter Facebook Pinterest Juicing vs. Blending: Which Has More Health Benefits?  Juicing vs. Blending: Which Has More Health Benefits?  5 min readThere’s only so much differentiating juicing and blending, but they are great ways to get the essential nutrients from fruits and vegetables. Both juicing and blending have several benefits and drawbacks in preparation and consumption.  Twitter Facebook Pinterest Pear Mango Avocado Purée  Pear Mango Avocado Purée  < 1 min readCreate a creamy and fruity purée for your baby with this Pear Mango Avocado Purée Recipe.  Twitter Facebook Pinterest   • Affiliate Disclosure   • Accessibility Statement   • Disclaimer   • Privacy   • Terms of Use © 2026 Blender.com. All Rights Reserved. As an Amazon Associate, Blender.com earn from qualifying purchases.
__label__wiki 1a The Leech Cup | An NRA Shooting Sports Journal NRA Explore Join Renew Donate  Explore The NRA Universe Of Websites  Close 4024 CLOSE  Quick Links    • NRA.ORG   • Manage Your Membership   • NRA Near You   • Friends of NRA   • State and Federal Gun Laws   • NRA Online Training   • Politics, Policy and Legislation   • Clubs and Associations     • Affiliated Clubs, Ranges and Businesses   • Competitive Shooting     • NRA Day     • Competitive Shooting Programs     • America's Rifle Challenge     • Competitor Classification Lookup     • Shooting Sports USA     • Adaptive Shooting     • Great American Outdoor Show     • NRA Whittington Center   • Events and Entertainment     • Women's Wilderness Escape     • NRA Whittington Center     • Friends of NRA     • Great American Outdoor Show     • NRA Annual Meetings & Exhibits     • NRA Day     • NRA Country     • Competitive Shooting Programs     • NRA Gun Gurus   • Firearms Training     • NRA Gun Safety Rules     • Firearm Training     • Become An NRA Instructor     • Become A Training Counselor     • NRA Range Safety Officers     • Shooting Sports Coach Development     • Adaptive Shooting     • NRA Gunsmithing Schools     • NRA Online Training     • NRA Program Materials Center     • NRA Marksmanship Qualification Program     • Find A Course     • NRA CCW     • NRA Training Course Catalog   • Giving     • Friends of NRA     • Ring of Freedom     • Institute for Legislative Action     • NRA Whittington Center     • NRA Firearms For Freedom   • History     • History Of The NRA     • NRA Museums     • I Have This Old Gun       • 6000     • NRA Gun Gurus   • Hunting     • Hunter Education     • Youth Hunter Education Challenge     • NRA Whittington Center     • Great American Outdoor Show     • Hunters for the Hungry     • American Hunter     • Hunting Legislation Issues     • State Hunting Resources     • NRA Institute for Legislative Action     • American Rifleman     • Adaptive Hunting Database     • Outdoor Adventure Partner of the NRA   • Law Enforcement, Military, Security     • Law Enforcement, Military, Security   • Media and Publications     • NRA Blog     • American Rifleman     • American Hunter     • Shooting Illustrated     • NRA Family     • Shooting Sports USA     • NRA All Access     • NRA Gun Gurus   • Membership     • Join The NRA     • NRA Member Benefits     • Manage Your Membership     • NRA Store     • NRA Whittington Center     • NRA Endorsed Member Insurance     • NRA Membership Recruiting     • NRA State Associations     • NRA Membership For Women     • NRA Life Membership     • Renew or Upgrade Your Membership     • NRA Junior Membership     • NRA Business Alliance     • NRA Industry Ally Program   • Politics And Legislation     • NRA Institute for Legislative Action     • NRA-ILA Gun Laws     • Register To Vote     • Candidate Ratings     • Write Your Lawmakers     • NRA-ILA FrontLines     • NRA Political Victory Fund     • NRA State Associations   • Recreational Shooting     • America's Rifle Challenge     • NRA Whittington Center     • Women's Wilderness Escape     • NRA Day     • The NRA Range     • Home Air Gun Program     • Adaptive Shooting     • Range Services     • NRA Member Benefits     • Great American Outdoor Show     • NRA Springfield M1A Match     • Shooting Illustrated     • Firearm Training     • NRA Marksmanship Qualification Program     • NRA Training Course Catalog     • Women On Target® Instructional Shooting Clinics   • Safety and Education     • NRA Gun Safety Rules     • Eddie Eagle GunSafe® Program     • Eddie Eagle Treehouse     • Whittington University     • Firearm Training     • NRA Online Training     • Become An NRA Instructor     • Hunter Education     • NRA Gunsmithing Schools     • Refuse To Be A Victim®   • Scholarships, Awards and Contests     • Scholarships, Awards & Contests   • Shopping     • NRA Store     • NRA Country Gear     • NRA Program Materials Center     • NRA Member Benefits     • NRA Whittington Center Store   • Volunteering     • Volunteer For NRA     • Get Involved Locally     • Volunteer At The Great American Outdoor Show     • Institute for Legislative Action     • Volunteer at the NRA Whittington Center   • Women's Interests     • NRA Membership For Women     • Women's Wilderness Escape     • NRA Women's Network     • Women On Target® Instructional Shooting Clinics     • Sybil Ludington Women's Freedom Award     • Women's Wildlife Management / Conservation Scholarship     • Become An NRA Instructor   • Youth Interests     • Eddie Eagle Treehouse     • Scholarships, Awards & Contests     • NRA Day     • NRA Marksmanship Qualification Program     • Youth Education Summit     • Adventure Camp     • Youth Hunter Education Challenge     • National Junior Shooting Camps     • Youth Wildlife Art Contest     • Home Air Gun Program     • NRA Junior Membership     • NRA Family     • Eddie Eagle GunSafe® Program     • NRA Gun Safety Rules     • Collegiate Shooting Programs     • National Youth Shooting Sports Cooperative Program     • Request for Eagle Scout Certificate NRA Shooting Sports USA Logo  The Leech Cup  Share Post Donate Menu NRA Shooting Sports USA Logo   • News     View All News   • Coming Events     View All Coming Events   • National Matches     View All National Matches   • Reviews     View All Reviews   • Videos     View All Videos   • More     Menu    • Quick Links    • NRA Membership    • Sections    • News   • Coming Events   • National Matches   • Reviews   • Videos   • Reporters Worksheet   • Subscribe    • NRA Publications    • American Rifleman   • American Hunter   • Shooting Illustrated   • America's First Freedom   • NRA Women   • NRA Family   • Shooting Sports USA   • NRA Hunters' Leadership Forum   • Help  The Leech Cup  by   • Paul Nordquist posted on February 18, 2016 News Support NRA Shooting Sports USA DONATE ** When you buy products through the links on our site, we may earn a commission that supports NRA's mission to protect, preserve and defend the Second Amendment. ** leech_cup1-2.jpg  The Leech Cup was presented to the Amateur Rifle Club of New York by MAJ Arthur Blennerhassett Leech in 1874. The occasion was a match between the rifle shooters of the U.S. and those of Ireland. In late 1873 the Irish Rifle Association challenged any team of U.S. rifle shooters to meet the following year, in the U.S.—for a match at 800, 900 and 10 3000 00 yards. The Americans were to use American rifles, and the Irish would use Irish rifles by John Rigby. The challenge had been conveyed by a letter published in the New York Herald (the Irish were unaware of the two-year-old NRA) and the Amateur Rifle Club of New York (all NRA members) accepted the challenge.  The New York Club was going out on a limb since no one in the U.S. had much experience at long range. There were then no U.S. rifles suitable for the match but both Remington and Sharps quickly produced “Creedmoor” long range match rifles named for the Creedmoor, Long Island range where the match would be held.  Try-outs were held during the summer of 1874 and a six-man team was named, each member to fire fifteen shots at each range.  The big day—September 26, 1874, was hot and dry so special trains brought 8,000 spectators. There was an air of festive expectation.  During the lunch break (with the Americans ahead by nine points) MAJ Leech, captain of the Irish team, presented the Leech Cup. It was a pitcher of Irish silver, wrought in Ireland, heavily engraved and "surmounted by a little silver tower, representative of the famous old towers of Ireland.” COL George Wingate (one of the NRA’s founders) accepted the trophy and it has been in competition ever since—just as MAJ Leech intended. The U.S. went on to win the match by three points.  The Leech Cup is the oldest trophy in shooting competition today; in 1901 the Amateur Rifle Club presented it to the NRA and it has been contested annually ever since, currently in a 20-shot 1000-yard match, any rifle, with metallic sights.  The Leech Cup disappeared after the 1913 National Matches and was not recovered until 1927, hence the present policy of keeping all national trophies at NRA Headquarters.  In this article leech cup, creedmoor, rifle, long range  Related Stories    • 5 Things You Didn’t Know About The Leech Cup   • The Great 1874 International Match   • Results: 2017 Leech Cup, Porter & Andrus Trophy, Roumanian Team Matches   • Army’s SFC Brandon Green Sweeps 2022 NRA Long-Range Championship Trophies   • CORE Precision Rifles Move Closer To Perfection  Most Popular  Beretta Unveils Titan One-Off Rifle to Mark 500-Year Anniversary  Beretta Unveils Titan One-Off Rifle to Mark 500-Year Anniversary Beretta Unveils Titan One-Off Rifle to Mark 500-Year Anniversary 5 Best Rimfire Rifles Less Than $500  5 Best Rimfire Rifles Less Than $500 5 Best Rimfire Rifles Less Than $500 New: Ruger 250th Anniversary Series  New: Ruger 250th Anniversary Series New: Ruger 250th Anniversary Series Review: Tikka T3x Ace Target Rifle  Review: Tikka T3x Ace Target Rifle Review: Tikka T3x Ace Target Rifle Legends: Gary Stevens  Legends: Gary Stevens Legends: Gary Stevens Ruger 10/22 Carbon Fiber: Lightweight Speed, Heavyweight Accuracy  Ruger 10/22 Carbon Fiber: Lightweight Speed, Heavyweight Accuracy Ruger 10/22 Carbon Fiber: Lightweight Speed, Heavyweight Accuracy 2000  More like this from around the NRA  NRA Explore Beretta Unveils Titan One-Off Rifle to Mark 500-Year Anniversary | An NRA Shooting Sports Journal  Beretta Unveils Titan One-Off Rifle to Mark 500-Year Anniversary | An NRA Shooting Sports Journal  Review: Bergara B14 Stoke Rifle | An Official Journal Of The NRA  Review: Bergara B14 Stoke Rifle | An Official Journal Of The NRA  First Look: MDT STS Buttstock | An Official Journal Of The NRA  First Look: MDT STS Buttstock | An Official Journal Of The NRA  Beretta Unveils Titan One-Off Rifle to Mark 500-Year Anniversary | An NRA Shooting Sports Journal  Beretta Unveils Titan One-Off Rifle to Mark 500-Year Anniversary | An NRA Shooting Sports Journal  Latest  More Nroi Update May2026 3 Nroi Update May2026 3  Ask NROI: USPSA Range Commands, Back Straps and What’s Coming in 2026  Troy McManus answers questions about USPSA range commands, aftermarket back strap restrictions and previews upcoming NROI certification and seminar plans.  News  Beretta Unveils Titan One-Off Rifle to Mark 500-Year Anniversary  Beretta unveils the Titan, a 6.5 Grendel-chambered MSR in titanium, magnesium and carbon fiber, marking 500 years of Italian gunmaking.  News Beretta Titan 1 Beretta Titan 1  Legends: Gary Stevens  Gary Stevens, a dedicated USPSA volunteer known for his work as a range officer and instructor, sadly passed away on Tuesday, Aug. 5, 2025.  News Legends Garystevens 1 Legends Garystevens 1  USA College Clay Target League Wraps 2026 Spring Season With New Crop of Overall Champions  USA College Clay Target League completes its 2026 spring season, naming top overall shooters in trap, skeet and sporting clays across 66 schools nationwide.  News Usacollege Spring2026season 1 Usacollege Spring2026season 1  Seeing the Light: The USPSA Range Officer Test That Isn’t on Paper  Earning an RO certification is the easy part. Jessica Jonasson on how rookie officials grow into the steady hands every match needs.  News USPSA Seeingthelight 1 USPSA Seeingthelight 1  Legends: Lynn Gipson 1958–2026  Lynn Gipson, who led the Amateur Trapshooting Association for 14 years and was newly elected to the NRA Board of Directors, died April 18.  News Legends Lynngipson NRA ATA 3 Legends Lynngipson NRA ATA 3 More Latest Stories  Interests  More Interests News Alligator Hunting Opportunities Are Expanding | An Official Journal Of The NRA  Alligator Hunting Opportunities Are Expanding | An Official Journal Of The NRA  Gator Hunt, Gator Hunting, Alligator   • The Armed Citizen® February 18, 2026 | An Official Journal Of The NRA   • Suppressors Deregulated in South Dakota | An Official Journal Of The NRA   • SAAMI Accepts and Standardizes Two New Cartridges | An Official Journal Of The NRA 2000 News National Matches A Sixth Title for Tubb and an End of an Era for Wigger: 1993 National Matches | An NRA Shooting Sports Journal  A Sixth Title for Tubb and an End of an Era for Wigger: 1993 National Matches | An NRA Shooting Sports Journal  nra, national matches, history   • A Sixth Title for Tubb and an End of an Era for Wigger: 1993 National Matches | An NRA Shooting Sports Journal   • Registration Open for 2026 NRA National High Power Long-Range Championship | An NRA Shooting Sports Journal   • A Tornado, a Target Mix-Up and Triumphant Returns: 1992 National Matches | An NRA Shooting Sports Journal National Matches Reviews Hardware Review: Taurus Raging Hunter 350 Legend | An Official Journal Of The NRA  Hardware Review: Taurus Raging Hunter 350 Legend | An Official Journal Of The NRA  Taurus Raging Hunter 350 Legend, Raging Hunter 350 Legend, Hardware Review   • Ruger RXM Full Size: A Modular Workhorse for the Modern Shooter | An NRA Shooting Sports Journal   • Review: SoundGear Phantom Hearing Protection | An NRA Shooting Sports Journal   • Review: Henning Group 2011 Grip | An NRA Shooting Sports Journal Reviews Videos Gun Of The Week: Tisas PX-57 FO Raptor | An Official Journal Of The NRA  Gun Of The Week: Tisas PX-57 FO Raptor | An Official Journal Of The NRA  eee News, Videos, GOTW   • Freedom is On the Ballot in Virginia | An Official Journal Of The NRA   • This Mayor Has a Lot to Say | An Official Journal Of The NRA   • Why This UFC Fighter Believes in the Second Amendment | An Official Journal Of The NRA Videos More Interests ﻿  Get the best of Shooting Sports USA delivered to your inbox.  SUBSCRIBE (IT'S FREE!) NRA Shooting Sports USA  GET IN TOUCH    • Contact Us   • Advertising  CONNECT WITH US  < 113 i class="fab fa-facebook-f" title="Facebook"> 2681  SECTIONS    • News   • Coming Events   • National Matches   • Reviews   • Videos  IN THE SPOTLIGHT    • NRA Institute For Legislative Action   • NRA Explore  NRA MEMBERSHIP    • NRA Membership   • Exclusive Member Benefits   • Membership FAQ   • Manage Your Membership NRA Member NRA  EXPLORE MORE NRA PUBLICATIONS  Logo Nra Publications Logo Nra American Hunter Logo Nra Shooting Illustrated Logo Nra Americas 1St Freedom Logo Nra Women Logo Nra Family Logo Nra Hunters Leadership Forum Logo Nra Blog Online And Print Nra Publications  Take Your NRA Magazine With You!  NRA Logo On Blue  Join The NRA And Our Growing Community  AR Footer NRA Explore 01  Discover Everything That The NRA Has To Offer  AR Footer Friends 02  Attend A Friends Of NRA Event Near You  Privacy Policy Contact Us Corporate Ethics Warnings FAQ © Copyright 2026 National Rifle Association 0
PX-57 FO Raptor | An Official Journal Of The NRA  eee News, Videos, GOTW   • Freedom is On the Ballot in Virginia | An Official Journal Of The NRA   • This Mayor Has a Lot to Say | An Official Journal Of The NRA   • Why This UFC Fighter Believes in the Second Amendment | An Official Journal Of The NRA Videos More Interests ﻿  Get the best of Shooting Sports USA delivered to your inbox.  SUBSCRIBE (IT'S FREE!) NRA Shooting Sports USA  GET IN TOUCH    • Contact Us   • Advertising  CONNECT WITH US  < 113 i class="fab fa-facebook-f" title="Facebook"> 2681  SECTIONS    • News   • Coming Events   • National Matches   • Reviews   • Videos  IN THE SPOTLIGHT    • NRA Institute For Legislative Action   • NRA Explore  NRA MEMBERSHIP    • NRA Membership   • Exclusive Member Benefits   • Membership FAQ   • Manage Your Membership NRA Member NRA  EXPLORE MORE NRA PUBLICATIONS  Logo Nra Publications Logo Nra American Hunter Logo Nra Shooting Illustrated Logo Nra Americas 1St Freedom Logo Nra Women Logo Nra Family Logo Nra Hunters Leadership Forum Logo Nra Blog Online And Print Nra Publications  Take Your NRA Magazine With You!  NRA Logo On Blue  Join The NRA And Our Growing Community  AR Footer NRA Explore 01  Discover Everything That The NRA Has To Offer  AR Footer Friends 02  Attend A Friends Of NRA Event Near You  Privacy Policy Contact Us Corporate Ethics Warnings FAQ © Copyright 2026 National Rifle Association 0
__label__wiki 20000 China: Killing of journalist Khashoggi ‘unfortunate’ 17/05/2026, Sunday09:27 flag Yeni Şafak  EDITION   :  TRTR ENEN ARAR FRFR RURU URUR TodaySports Economy TürkiyeWorldColumnsTechnology LifeVideoGalleryCartoon Türkiye has completed bureaucratic preparations to launch direct trade with Armenia as part of the ongoing normalization process between the two countries, the Foreign Ministry said. The preparations were finalized under confidence-building measures implemented since 2022.The son of Hamas chief Khalil al-Hayya died Thursday of wounds sustained in an Israeli strike in Gaza, as Israel confirmed an attack on a top Hezbollah commander in Beirut. Azzam al-Hayya was the fourth son of the Hamas leader to be killed by Israel.Iran has reaffirmed its commitment to diplomacy while maintaining readiness to respond to any potential escalation, as regional tensions linked to the US-Israeli conflict continue to shape international engagement.Commercial shipping through the Strait of Hormuz remained limited on Tuesday, with only four vessels moving in both directions through the key energy passage, according to ship-tracking data. The limited traffic underscores continued caution around one of the world's most important transit routes for crude oil and LNG.Turkish defense giant Baykar will showcase its new Mizrak intelligent and autonomous long-range loitering munition at SAHA 2026 in Istanbul. The system boasts an operational range of over 1,000 kilometers, over seven hours of endurance, and AI-powered autonomous navigation without GPS. Türkiye has completed bureaucratic preparations to launch direct trade with Armenia as part of the ongoing normalization process between the two countries, the Foreign Ministry said. The preparations were finalized under confidence-building measures implemented since 2022.The son of Hamas chief Khalil al-Hayya died Thursday of wounds sustained in an Israeli strike in Gaza, as Israel confirmed an attack on a top Hezbollah commander in Beirut. Azzam al-Hayya was the fourth son of the Hamas leader to be killed by Israel.Iran has reaffirmed its commitment to diplomacy while maintaining readiness to respond to any potential escalation, as regional tensions linked to the US-Israeli conflict continue to shape international engagement.Commercial shipping through the Strait of Hormuz remained limited on Tuesday, with only four vessels moving in both directions through the key energy passage, according to ship-tracking data. The limited traffic underscores continued caution around one of the world's most important transit routes for crude oil and LNG.Turkish defense giant Baykar will showcase its new Mizrak intelligent and autonomous long-range loitering munition at SAHA 2026 in Istanbul. The system boasts an operational range of over 1,000 kilometers, over seven hours of endurance, and AI-powered autonomous navigation without GPS.  Advertisement  HomePage World Asia China: Killing of journalist Khashoggi ‘unfortunate’  China: Killing of journalist Khashoggi ‘unfortunate’  Ersin Çelik 17:31, 25/10/2018, Thursday AA China: Killing of journalist Khashoggi ‘unfortunate’ Hua Chunying, spokeswoman of China's Foreign Ministry  Foreign Ministry spokesperson says China has been following developments over Oct. 2 killing at Istanbul's Saudi Consulate  Breaking its silence on the roiling international controversy, China on Thursday called the Oct. 2 killing of Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi “unfortunate.”  China has been following the statements made by all sides, including Saudi Arabia and Turkey, as well as the investigation process, Foreign ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying told a press conference in Beijing.  On the killing, she said, “This is an unfortunate incident,” adding that it should be investigated properly.  Until now China has remained silent about the killing of the Saudi journalist and has not taken questions.  Khashoggi, a columnist for The Washington Post, was last seen on Oct. 2 when he entered the Saudi Consulate in Istanbul.  After days of denying any knowledge of his whereabouts, Saudi officials last week admitted that Khashoggi was killed in a "brawl" at the consulate.  Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan on Tuesday laid out his country’s initial findings in its investigation, saying Khashoggi's “murder was premeditated."  Titles :ChinaKhashoggiSaudi journalist Comments Avatar  Comments you share on our site are a valuable resource for other users. Please be respectful of different opinions and other users. Avoid using rude, aggressive, derogatory, or discriminatory language.  Page End Yeni Şafak TRENARFRRUUR Turkey's Accumulation. International Media Group.  Welcome to the news source that sets Turkey's agenda! With its impartial, dynamic, and in-depth journalism, Yeni Şafak offers its readers an experience beyond current events. Get instant updates on what's happening in Turkey and worldwide, with news spanning a wide range from politics and economy to culture, arts, and sports. Access the most accurate information anytime, anywhere with its digital platforms; keep up with the agenda with Yeni Şafak!  Follow us on social media. Download Mobile Apps  Carry the agenda in your pocket! With Yeni Şafak's mobile apps, get instant access to the latest news. A wide range of content, from politics to economy, sports to culture and arts, is at your fingertips! Easily download it on your iOS, Android, and Huawei devices to quickly access the most accurate information anytime, anywhere. Download now, don't miss out on developments around the world!  Download on the App StoreGet it on Google PlayDiscover with AppGallery Micro Sites 15 July  Relive the night of July 15th in every detail and witness the triumph of democracy with Yenisafak.com's July 15th microsite. Explore everything about the heroic story of July 15th through video content, exclusive interviews, and photo galleries.  Turkish Elections  On Yenisafak.com's election microsite, you'll find instant election data and detailed analyses of all elections in Turkey's political history, all in one place. Gain a comprehensive insight into Turkey's democratic process by examining election results and political developments from past to present. Be at the heart of the elections with live results and expert commentary!  Jerusalem: A City's Story  For Muslims, Jerusalem is not just a city, but a sacred heritage at the heart of Islam. Start exploring now to discover Jerusalem's unique place in the Islamic world and witness the contemporary significance of this ancient city!  Categories Today Türkiye Video Gallery Columns Archive Columns WorldAfricaAmericaAsiaEuropeMiddle East EconomyAutomotiveBusinessReal EstateTurkey EconomyWorld Economy TechnologyGamesInternetMobileProduct NewsScienceSocial Media LifeArchaeologyBookCinemaCulture and ArtsCurrentHealthInterviewTravelTv SportsFootballBasketballVolleyballTennisF1CricketOlympics Albayrak Media CorporateContactRss  Maltepe Mah. Fetih Cad. No:6 34010 Zeytinburnu/İstanbul, Türkiyeiletisim@yenisafak.com+90 212 467 6515  Albayrak Media Sites GztZ RaporuKetebeDerin Tarih SkyroadArkitektPost Öykü LEGAL DISCLAIMER  The BIST name and logo are protected under a 'Protection Trademark Certificate' and cannot be used, quoted, or modified without permission. All information disclosed under the BIST name is fully copyrighted by BIST and may not be republished. Market data is provided by iDealdata Financial Technologies Inc. BIST stock data is delayed by 15 minutes.  © Net Medya, All right reserved. 2026  HomePageVideo 0
__label__wiki 14b59 INDIA Priests' kidnap as sectarian tensions reignites in Manipur AsiaNews Donate now   • Support AsiaNews     About us     P.I.M.E.     Contact us     RSS     Newsletter Geographical areas In the spotlight Central Asia Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Tajikistan Turkmenistan Uzbekistan North Asia Mongolia Russia East Asia China North Korea South Korea Japan Hong Kong Macau Taiwan South West Asia Armenia Azerbaijan Georgia South East Asia Brunei Cambodia Philippines Indonesia Laos Malaysia Myanmar Singapore East Timor Thailand Vietnam South Asia Afghanistan Bangladesh Bhutan India Nepal Pakistan Sri Lanka Middle East Saudi Arabia Bahrain United Arab Emirates Jordan Iran Iraq Israel Kuwait Lebanon Oman Palestine Qatar Syria Turkey Yemen Oceania Vatican Freedom of religion Church in ChinaWounded MyanmarGazaPope Francis' DeathIran-Israel     Priests' kidnap as sectarian tensions reignites in Manipur by Nirmala Carvalho | INDIA  On 13 May, two Salesian priests, Fr Albert Panmei Aching and Fr Peter Poji Küvisie, were abducted and later released after 24 hours in captivity. The provincial expressed his relief and thanked all those who helped secure the release of his confreres.     Lebanon and Israel agree 45 day extension to ceasfire, but civillians still being killed   | ASIA TODAY    Religious scandals and the “protection” that Beijing’s rules cannot provide   by Andrew Law | CHINA    Colombo: the global capital of shark and ray research   by Arundathie Abeysinghe | SRI LANKA    Young Russians’ return to communism, amid war and economic crisis   by Stefano Caprio | RUSSIAN WORLD In the spotlight:   • Church in China   • Wounded Myanmar   • Gaza   • Pope Francis' Death   • Iran-Israel   Court rules Bhojshala is a Hindu temple in the latest case over disputed religious sites  The Madhya Pradesh High Court backs Hindu nationalists, ending the practice that since 2003 had allowed Muslims and Hindus to pray in the same historical complex on different days. The ruling specifically cites the Ayodhya case, which has had a domino effect in archaeological studies and claims in various parts of India.     | 15/05/2026 | INDIAN MANDALA   Trump and Xi in Beijing: suggestive words and images, but few deals  The US president's long-awaited visit to the Chinese capital was marked by optimistic tones, but no joint statement on what the two leaders discussed. There is talk of deals on soybeans and new Boeing aircraft, but competition over artificial intelligence remains. Chinese analysts stress Xi Jinping’s notion of “constructive strategic stability”.  | 15/05/2026 | CHINA – UNITED STATES   Pope tells Tawadros that in a world 'afflicted' by wars, Christians should be ‘witnesses’ of unity  The pontiff had a phone conversation with the Coptic Orthodox Patriarch this morning “in a cordial and fraternal atmosphere," the Vatican Press Office reported, to give "impetus" to the celebrations for the Day of Friendship. Leo also expressed hope that work “with all Churches of the Oriental Orthodox family” can resume.  | 15/05/2026 | VATICAN – EGYPT   Philippine Bishops: Sara Duterte's trial must proceed without further delay by Santosh Digal  The Catholic Bishops' Conference has called for a fair trial against the vice president, in compliance with the constitution, a necessary step “to restore our people’s faith and confidence in our public institutions”.  Meanwhile, dela Rosa, former President Duterte's ally and right-hand man in the war on drugs, fled the Senate after a standoff to avoid arrest.  | 15/05/2026 | PHILIPPINES   Pakistan: deforestation and record temperatures as the climate emergency escalates by Shafique Khokhar  Concerns are growing over the effects of deforestation on the climate and public health. Activists are speaking out against the loss of green spaces and urban sprawl, which are exacerbating heatwaves, pollution and drought. New regulations to protect trees have been introduced in Sindh and Punjab. Environmentalists: tree planting cannot replace the ecological value of mature forests.  | 15/05/2026 | PAKISTAN   The distorted use of the Bible in Israel that is setting Lebanon and its cedars ablaze by Fady Noun  Whilst the third round of talks between the Israeli and Lebanese ambassadors is underway in Washington, people continue to die in the south. Reflections from the AsiaNews correspondent: “Faced with threats and provocations that seek to normalise war, today we need responses rooted in our deepest culture and ethical principles”.  | 15/05/2026 | LEBANON - ISRAEL Editor's choices   Delhi and Islamabad one year on from the war: two victories, but the risk of escalation remains One year on from the lightning war of May 2025, India and Pakistan continue to celebrate the conflict as a national victory. But behind the patriotic rhetoric, new military vulnerabilities are emerging, along with a growing arms race and unresolved tensions ... | 11/05/2026 | INDIA - PAKISTAN   Beijing indoctrinating kindergarten children to erase Tibetan identity A new report by Human Rights Watch denounces the systems used by the People's Republic to promote Han Chinese identity starting in kindergarten. Tibetan is no longer used in teaching, while parents are forced to send videos to schools to prove Chinese ... | 05/05/2026 | TIBET - CHINA   Aung San Suu Kyi remains in total isolation under house arrest The pro-democracy leader has no direct access to her family or lawyers, even after she was moved to a specially built residence. Myanmar’s opposition and human rights groups are calling it yet another sham operation by General Min Aung Hlaing to ... | 05/05/2026 | MYANMAR   Pizzaballa: ‘God’s dream’ for Jerusalem, a city ‘torn by conflicts' by Giorgio Bernardelli The Latin patriarch released a long pastoral letter on how to live as Christians in light of the "paradigm shift" that followed 7 October 2023, and the war in Gaza. Like the "New Jerusalem" in Revelation, the city could offer a way of being together ... | 27/04/2026 | HOLY LAND   Debtor nations launch joint platform to collaborate The initiative was launched in Washington with the support of UNCTAD, whilst the global problem continues to grow, with as many as 54 countries spending more on debt interest payments than on healthcare and education for their citizens. Caritas Internationalis: ... | 17/04/2026 | ASIA - WORLD   • Centro Missionario PIME   • PIME Missionaries USA   • PIME Brasil   • Mondo e Missione   • Agenzia Fides   • Tv2000 “L’Asia: ecco il nostro comune compito per il terzo millennio!” - Giovanni Paolo II, da “Alzatevi, andiamo” Support AsiaNews About us P.I.M.E. Contact us RSS Newsletter Central Asia Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Tajikistan Turkmenistan Uzbekistan North Asia Mongolia Russia East Asia China North Korea South Korea Japan Hong Kong Macau Taiwan South West Asia Armenia Azerbaijan Georgia South East Asia Brunei Cambodia Philippines Indonesia Laos Malaysia Myanmar Singapore East Timor Thailand Vietnam South Asia Afghanistan Bangladesh Bhutan India Nepal Pakistan Sri Lanka Middle East Saudi Arabia Bahrain United Arab Emirates Jordan Iran Iraq Israel Kuwait Lebanon Oman Palestine Qatar Syria Turkey Yemen Oceania Vatican Freedom of religion Follow us Donate now © Fondazione PIME Onlus – AsiaNews C.F. 97486040153 e P.IVA 06630940960 Codice destinatario (SDI): SUBM70N fondazionepime@pec.idsunitelm.it OFFICE: PIME Milan via Monte Rosa 81 - 20149 Milan tel. 02438201 - fax 0243822901 Personal use of the contents of this website is permitted for non-commercial purposes only. The reproduction, publication, sale and distribution of the contents of the website can only take place prior to an agreement with the publisher.  Privacy policy - Cookie policy - Glacom®   • Home   • Support AsiaNews   • About us   • P.I.M.E.   • Contact us   • RSS   • Newsletter 0
__label__wiki 1dee Night of 'sightseeing' leaves Tech Tower T-less   | TOP OF ISSUE | TOP OF SECTION | PREVIOUS STORY | NEXT STORY |   Night of 'sightseeing' leaves Tech Tower T-less  By Scott Lange News Staff photo by Carrie Chin   In an attempt to preserve Tech tradition, a group of students endeavored to climb to the top of Tech Tower and steal the infamous "T" on the night of November 6. However, the "T" was recovered after the Georgia Tech police, in response to an anonymous call, detained a total of ten Georgia Tech students.  The caller told Georgia Tech Police dispatchers that he had heard people talking about stealing the "T" on his scanner. The responding officers found four students with rappelling gear, hunting knives, and portable radios coming off the roof of the Administration Building. The students, who were identified as George McDonald, Scott Serbin, William Moore, and Justin Preyer, told police officers that they were "sightseeing" upon questioning.  Three more students, who were identified as Brad Dentinger, Rob Eckard, and John Molnar were stopped while they were leaving the area at Cherry Street and North Avenue.  Additionally, three students were stopped whle leaving the area around the ME-Coon Building. They were identified as John Dicasali, Tim Store, and Jessica Judd. Judd told officers that she knew about the theft.  A second call from the anonymous tipster directed police to the Copper Kettle on Howell Mill Road. Police arriving at the Copper Kettle found the "T" in a Ford Explorer in the parking lot. The car was impounded, thus leading to the recovery of the "T."  The "T," which is as synonymous with Tech as the Ramblin' Wreck, did not come away from the incident unscathed.  "There was substantial damage done to the framing of the letters on all four sides, the roof of the Administration Building, the letters themselves," Georgia Tech Police Chief Jack Vickery said. "We haven't got the final estimate from Facilities but it is in the thousands of dollars."  All of the students who were involved in the theft were referred to the Dean of Students for administrative punishment rather than being criminally charged. According to Chief Vickery, this type of procedure is standard.  "In the history of Georgia Tech, no one has ever been arrested for stealing the 'T,'" Chief Vickery explained.  Acting Senior Associate Dean of Students Scott Friedman is handling the discipline stemming from this incident. The Administration is dealing with the theft in a serious manner.  "Stealing the 'T' is a violation of the Student Conduct Code," Friedman stated. "We take all violations of the Student Conduct Code very seriously."  "The big issue as far as the police are involved is safety," Chief Vickery explained. "The folks involved think they took precautions, but that is shortsighted. There is danger to the people that have to get up there and try to fix it."  Georgia Tech administrators are also concerned about the risks involved with stealing the "T."  "It is not a minor thing," Dean Friedman said. "Students could be severely injured or even killed."  Questions or comments about this page? Feedback Copyright © 1997 by Gregory S. Scherrer, Editor and by the Student Publications Board 0
__label__wiki aacf David Sirota Joins the Jacobin Team Jacobin LogoJacobin IconA/V Icon  Jacobin    • Subscribe   • Magazine   • Donate   • Catalyst   • Facebook Icon   • Twitter Icon   • Email Icon   • Print Icon  David Sirota Joins the Jacobin Team    • Search Icon   • Login Icon      Login  J   • Subscribe   • Back Issues   • Donate   • Store   • Magazine   • Blog   • Catalyst   • About   • Contact Us   • Advertise Search Icon  Our special spring issue is out now. Get a discounted subscription to our print magazine today. Your support keeps us publishing!  05.12.2020   • Facebook Icon   • Twitter Icon   • Email Icon   • Print Icon  David Sirota Joins the Jacobin Team  By Editors  Bernie 2020 senior adviser and speechwriter David Sirota will join Jacobin as an editor at large.  David Sirota (left) and Sen. Bernie Sanders on October 24, 2018, at a fundraiser for the Progressive Values Small Donor Committee in Denver, Colorado.  Read our spring issue in print. Get a discounted subscription to our print magazine today.  Israel’s Young Settler Vanguard  E. A. Halevi  The Making of the Teenager  Lauren Fadiman  Zohran Needs to Create Popular Assemblies  Gabriel HetlandBhaskar Sunkara  A Half-Century of Harry Braverman’s Labor and Monopoly Capital  Sophina ClarkDaniel Judt  Today, we’re happy to announce that journalist David Sirota is joining the Jacobin team. As part of the new partnership, we’ll be supporting Sirota’s new newsletter, Too Much Information.  Sirota’s newsletter will focus on corporate malfeasance, money in politics, and the growing crisis of inequality in the United States. Sirota will be assisted by writer and researcher Andrew Perez, a former collaborator at IBT and Newsweek.  Before joining the Bernie 2020 campaign, Sirota was an award-winning journalist and best-selling author. His reporting on corruption, pensions, and taxes garnered him two awards from the Society of American Business Editors and Writers. He was also the winner of the Park Center’s Izzy Award and was a finalist for a Loeb Award.  Sirota and Perez join a team of more than two dozen editors and staff writers. Jacobin now reaches 56,000 subscribers and reaches over 2 million online readers every month.  The new issue of Jacobin, “Pandemic Politics,” will be released on Tuesday, May 19.  Share this article  FacebookTwitterEmail  Contributors  Filed Under  Jacobin Logo  Sign up for our mailing list  {{ message }}  Thanks for signing up! →  Already on our list? Get our print magazine for just $20 a year.  Remove IconESC  Select a text size  Small  Today, we’re happy to announce that journalist David Sirota is joining the Jacobin team. As part of the new partnership, we’ll be supporting Sirota’s new newsletter, Too Much Information. Sirota’s newsletter will focus on corporate malfeasance, money in politics, and the growing crisis of inequality in the United States. Sirota will be assisted by writer and researcher Andrew Perez, a former collaborator at IBT and Newsweek. Before joining the Bernie...  Medium  Today, we’re happy to announce that journalist David Sirota is joining the Jacobin team. As part of the new partnership, we’ll be supporting Sirota’s new newsletter, Too Much Information. Sirota’s newsletter will focus on corporate malfeasance, money in politics, and the growing crisis of inequality in the United States. Sirota...  Large  Today, we’re happy to announce that journalist David Sirota is joining the Jacobin team. As part of the new partnership, we’ll be supporting Sirota’s new newsletter, Too Much Information. Sirota’s newsletter will focus on corporate malfeasance, money in politics, and...  Further Reading  Russia’s Antiwar Prisoners Are Outcasts in Their Own Land    • Simon Pirani  Why Capitalism’s Origins Matter    • Arron Reza Merat  Anyone Noting Israel’s Crimes Will Be Accused of “Blood Libel”    • Branko Marcetic  We Need to Move Beyond Robot Doomerism    • David Moscrop  Scotland Has No Escape Route From Britain’s Political Crisis    • Jamie Maxwell   • Subscribe   • Donate  Read our spring issue in print. Get a discounted subscription to our print magazine today.  Catalyst Logo  A journal of theory and strategy published by Jacobin  Jacobin Logo  Sign up for our mailing list  {{ message }}  Thanks for signing up!   • Catalyst   • About Us   • Contact Us   • Advertise   • Privacy Policy   • © 2026 0
__label__wiki 1557 Attention Required! | Cloudflare Please enable cookies.  Sorry, you have been blocked  You are unable to access askart.com  Why have I been blocked?  This website is using a security service to protect itself from online attacks. The action you just performed triggered the security solution. There are several actions that could trigger this block including submitting a certain word or phrase, a SQL command or malformed data.  What can I do to resolve this?  You can email the site owner to let them know you were blocked. Please include what you were doing when this page came up and the Cloudflare Ray ID found at the bottom of this page.  Cloudflare Ray ID: 9fd08e181a78ddb3 • Your IP: 20.45.39.144 • Performance & security by Cloudflare  0
day.  Catalyst Logo  A journal of theory and strategy published by Jacobin  Jacobin Logo  Sign up for our mailing list  {{ message }}  Thanks for signing up!   • Catalyst   • About Us   • Contact Us   • Advertise   • Privacy Policy   • © 2026 0
__label__wiki 1557 Attention Required! | Cloudflare Please enable cookies.  Sorry, you have been blocked  You are unable to access askart.com  Why have I been blocked?  This website is using a security service to protect itself from online attacks. The action you just performed triggered the security solution. There are several actions that could trigger this block including submitting a certain word or phrase, a SQL command or malformed data.  What can I do to resolve this?  You can email the site owner to let them know you were blocked. Please include what you were doing when this page came up and the Cloudflare Ray ID found at the bottom of this page.  Cloudflare Ray ID: 9fd08e181a78ddb3 • Your IP: 20.45.39.144 • Performance & security by Cloudflare  0
__label__wiki 0000C000 Miss Universe 2023 to take place in El Salvador | The National N LogoThe National News Logo   • My Profile   • Saved articles   • Newsletters   • Sign out UserSign in   • Register   • Sign in News Business Opinion Future Climate Health Culture Lifestyle Sport Newsletters Special reports TN Magazine   • International Edition   • UAE Edition       Podcasts Newsletters Follow us App Video       NewslettersSpecial reportsTN MagazineWeekend       News       UAE       Gulf       MENA       US       UK       Europe       Asia       Business       Aviation       Economy       Energy       Money       Property       Banking       Markets       Opinion       Comment       Editorial       Obituaries       Cartoon       Feedback       Future       Science       Space       Technology       Climate       Environment       Road to Net Zero       Health       Culture       Art & Design       Books       Film & TV       Music & On-stage       Pop Culture       Lifestyle       Travel       Fashion & Beauty       Food       Motoring       Luxury       Home & Garden       Wellbeing       Things to do       Sport       Football       Cricket       F1       Tennis       Combat Sports       Cycling       News       UAE       Gulf       MENA       US       UK       Europe       Asia       Business       Aviation       Economy       Energy       Money       Property       Banking       Markets       Opinion       Comment       Editorial       Obituaries       Cartoon       Feedback       Future       Science       Space       Technology       Climate       Environment       Road to Net Zero       Health       Culture       Art & Design       Books       Film & TV       Music & On- 00004000 stage       Pop Culture       Lifestyle       Travel       Fashion & Beauty       Food       Motoring       Luxury       Home & Garden       Wellbeing       Things to do       Sport       Football       Cricket       F1       Tennis       Combat Sports       Cycling       N Logo       News       Business       Opinion       Future       Climate       Health       Culture       Lifestyle       Sport       Newsletters       • My Profile       • Saved articles       • Newsletters       • Sign out       UserSign in       • Register       • Sign in       Alejandra Guajardo, Miss Universe El Salvador 2022, in an outfit inspired by the country's use of Bitcoin, and previously the cocoa beans as a currency, during the 71st Miss Universe competition on January 11, 2023. Reuters       Alejandra Guajardo, Miss Universe El Salvador 2022, in an outfit inspired by the country's use of Bitcoin, and previously the cocoa beans as a currency, during the 71st Miss Universe competition on January 11, 2023. Reuters       Alejandra Guajardo, Miss Universe El Salvador 2022, in an outfit inspired by the country's use of Bitcoin, and previously the cocoa beans as a currency, during the 71st Miss Universe competition on January 11, 2023. Reuters       Alejandra Guajardo, Miss Universe El Salvador 2022, in an outfit inspired by the country's use of Bitcoin, and previously the cocoa beans as a currency, during the 71st Miss Universe competition on Ja        Lifestyle        Fashion        Miss Universe 2023 to take place in El Salvador        The Central American country last hosted the beauty pageant in 1975        Katy Gillett       Katy Gillett        January 15, 2023        Add as a preferred source on Google       • Play/Pause English       • Play/Pause Arabic       Bookmark       • LinkCopy link       • XShare on X       • FacebookShare on Facebook       • LinkedInShare on LinkedIn       • WhatsAppShare on WhatsApp       • BlueskyShare on Blue Sky       • ThreadsShare on Threads       • MailShare on Email       • Share nativeOther       Print Options       Choose how you want to print        After a glitzy 2022 finale in Louisiana, it's been announced that Miss Universe 2023 is heading back to the Americas and will be held in El Salvador.        No date for the next competition has been officially announced, although it's expected to be held later this year, after last year's pageant was postponed in a bid to avoid clashing with the Fifa Qatar World Cup in November.        The announcement was made by the country's President Nayib Bukele during the 71st Miss Universe in New Orleans, where Miss USA R'Bonney Gabriel took the crown, becoming the first Filipina-American to win the competition.        • Miss USA R'Bonney Gabriel celebrates after winning the 71st Miss Universe competition at the New Orleans Ernest N Morial Convention Centre in Louisiana. AFP         Miss USA R'Bonney Gabriel celebrates after winning the 71st Miss Universe competition at the New Orleans Ernest N Morial Convention Centre in Louisiana. AFP       • Gabriel on stage after being crowned Miss Universe at the 71st Miss Universe pageant, in New Orleans. AP         Gabriel on stage after being crowned Miss Universe at the 71st Miss Universe pageant, in New Orleans. AP       • Gabriel, back to camera, is hugged by other contestants after being crowned Miss Universe. AP         Gabriel, back to camera, is hugged by other contestants after being crowned Miss Universe. AP       • Gabriel celebrates after her win. Reuters         Gabriel celebrates after her win. Reuters       • From left, Miss Venezuela Amanda Dudamel, Miss USA Gabriel and Miss Dominican Republic Andreina Martinez hold hands before the final verdict during the 71st Miss Universe competition in Louisiana. AFP         From left, Miss Venezuela Amanda Dudamel, Miss USA Gabriel and Miss Dominican Republic Andreina Martinez hold hands before the final verdict during the 71st Miss Universe competition in Louisiana. AFP       • Gabriel reacts after being picked among the final three contestants in the final round. AP         Gabriel reacts after being picked among the final three contestants in the final round. AP       • T 00004000 he final five contestants, from left, Miss Dominican Republic Martinez, Miss Curacao Gabriela Dos Santos, Miss Puerto Rico Ashley Carino, Miss USA Gabriel and Miss Venezuela Dudamel. AP         The final five contestants, from left, Miss Dominican Republic Martinez, Miss Curacao Gabriela Dos Santos, Miss Puerto Rico Ashley Carino, Miss USA Gabriel and Miss Venezuela Dudamel. AP       • Thai businesswoman and owner of Miss Universe pageant Anne Jakkaphong Jakrajutatip speaks during the 71st Miss Universe competition. AFP         Thai businesswoman and owner of Miss Universe pageant Anne Jakkaphong Jakrajutatip speaks during the 71st Miss Universe competition. AFP       • Contestants take part in the final round. AFP         Contestants take part in the final round. AFP       • Gabriel on stage. Reuters         Gabriel on stage. Reuters       • Miss Trinidad and Tobago Tya Jane Ramey. Reuters         Miss Trinidad and Tobago Tya Jane Ramey. Reuters       • Miss Spain Alicia Faubel. Reuters         Miss Spain Alicia Faubel. Reuters       • Miss Australia Monique Riley. AFP         Miss Australia Monique Riley. AFP       • Miss Canada Amelia Tu. Reuters         Miss Canada Amelia Tu. Reuters       • Miss Haiti Mideline Phelizor. Reuters         Miss Haiti Mideline Phelizor. Reuters       • Jakrajutatip, left, as owner of the Miss Universe Organisation, presents the ImpactWayv Challenge Award to Miss Thailand Anna Sueangam-iam. AP         Jakrajutatip, left, as owner of the Miss Universe Organisation, presents the ImpactWayv Challenge Award to Miss Thailand Anna Sueangam-iam. AP       • Miss Colombia Maria Fernanda Aristizabal reacts after being selected as the last of the 16 finalists. AP         Miss Colombia Maria Fernanda Aristizabal reacts after being selected as the last of the 16 finalists. AP       • Jeannie Mai Jenkins and Olivia Culpo host the competition. Getty Images         Jeannie Mai Jenkins and Olivia Culpo host the competition. Getty Images       • Miss Seychelles Gabriella Gonthier walks through the crowd with fellow contestants for the start of the final round. AP         Miss Seychelles Gabriella Gonthier walks through the crowd with fellow contestants for the start of the final round. AP        "El Salvador is a country that is full of beauty," said Bukele in a recorded video. "We have the best surfing beaches in the world, magnificent volcanoes, exquisite coffee and we have now become the safest country in Latin America.        "I would like to thank the Miss Universe Organisation for joining us in this historic process. El Salvador is changing and we want you to come and see it for yourselves."        Officially known as the Republic of El Salvador, the country is in Central America, sharing borders with Honduras and Guatemala.        It last held the pageant in 1975, in San Salvador, when Miss Finland took the crown.        The US has held the pageant more than any other nation, but other host countries have included Thailand, the Philippines, Russia, Vietnam, Greece, Cyprus, South Korea and Singapore, to name a few.        In 2021, when India's Harnaaz Sandhu came in first, it was held in Israel for the first time.        Major changes at Miss Universe afoot        While more information on the competition and venue are yet to be announced, fans can expect major changes in the pageant this year.        In October, Thai media and content company JKN Global Group acquired the Miss Universe Organisation from IMG, making chief executive Anne Jakkaphong Jakrajutatip the first woman to own the global beauty competition in its 70-year history.        JKN, which owns a portfolio of broadcast and media titles, said the deal will build on the pageant's legacy and further its commitment to inclusivity. There are also plans to expand the Miss Universe brand, including the launch of MU Lifestyle, a new licensing and merchandising arm.        Read more        The most striking Miss Universe national costumes, from Bahrain to India        Last year, the Miss Universe Organisation made a historic decision to change qualification rules for contestants for the first time in seven decades. According to an internal memo seen by The National, the organisation said it will allow married women and mothers to participate.        Previously, only single women, aged between 18 and 28, who have never been married or had children, could apply.        "We all believe that women should have agency over their lives and that a human's personal decisions should not be a barrier to their success," the memo said.        The rules will be in effect for the 72nd Miss Universe contest.        Israel bows out        In November, for the first time in seven decades, Israel announced it would not send a beauty queen to the 2022 Miss Universe pageant.        The Miss Israel organisation released a statement, saying it would not participate in the pageant, which was founded in 1952.        The Times of Israel reported that opinions in the country were divided on whether or not beauty pageants remain relevant in 2022.        The announcement was made a year after the Israeli southern resort city of Eilat hosted the global pageant.        It remains to be seen if any other nations will follow suit this year.        Scroll through the gallery below to see Miss Universe 2022 national costume round        • Miss India, Divita Rai, during the 71st Miss Universe national costume competition. All photos: AFP         Miss India, Divita Rai, during the 71st Miss Universe national costume competition. All photos: AFP       • The dress worn by Miss Bahrain, Evlin Khalifa, was designed by Furne One, whose Amato label is based in Dubai         The dress worn by Miss Bahrain, Evlin Khalifa, was designed by Furne One, whose Amato label is based in Dubai       • Miss Lebanon, Yasmina Zaytoun         Miss Lebanon, Yasmina Zaytoun       • Miss Philippines, Celeste Cortesi         Miss Philippines, Celeste Cortesi       • Miss Colombia, Maria Fernanda Aristizabal         Miss Colombia, Maria Fernanda Aristizabal       • Miss The Bahamas, Angel J Cartwright         Miss The Bahamas, Angel J Cartwright       • Miss Vietnam, Neuyen Thi Ngoc Chau         Miss Vietnam, Neuyen Thi Ngoc Chau       • Miss Poland, Aleksandra Klepaczka         Miss Poland, Aleksandra Klepaczka       • Miss Armenia, Kristina Ayanian         Miss Armenia, Kristina Ayanian       • Miss Peru, Alessia Rovegno         Miss Peru, Alessia Rovegno       • Miss Netherlands, Ona Moody         Miss Netherlands, Ona Moody       • Miss Mexico, Irma Cristina Miranda Valenzuela         Miss Mexico, Irma Cristina Miranda Valenzuela       • Miss Turkey, Aleyna Sirin         Miss Turkey, Aleyna Sirin       • Miss Iceland, Hrafnhildur Haraldsdottir         Miss Iceland, Hrafnhildur Haraldsdottir       • Miss Argentina, Barbara Cabrera         Miss Argentina, Barbara Cabrera       • Miss British Virgin Islands, Lia Claxton         Miss British Virgin Islands, Lia Claxton       • Miss Nigeria, Hannah Iribhogbe         Miss Nigeria, Hannah Iribhogbe       • Miss El Salvador, Alexjandra Guajardo Sada         Miss El Salvador, Alexjandra Guajardo Sada       • Miss Cameroon, Mouketey Lynette Monalisa Jelly         Miss Cameroon, Mouketey Lynette Monalisa Jelly       • Miss Kyrgyzstan, Altynai Botoyarova         Miss Kyrgyzstan, Altynai Botoyarova       • Miss Malta, Maxine Formosa Gruppetta         Miss Malta, Maxine Formosa Gruppetta       • Miss Spain, Alicia Faubel         Miss Spain, Alicia Faubel       • Miss Seychelles, Gabriella Gonthier         Miss Seychelles, Gabriella Gonthier       • Miss France, Floriane Bascou         Miss France, Floriane Bascou       • Miss China, Sichen Jiang         Miss China, Sichen Jiang       • Miss Ukraine, Viktoria Apanasenko         Miss Ukraine, Viktoria Apanasenko       • Miss Korea, Hanna Kim         Miss Korea, Hanna Kim       • Miss Jamaica, Toshami Calvin         Miss Jamaica, Toshami Calvin       Updated: January 15, 2023, 5:56 AM       Miss UniverseBeautyFashion        Most popular today        1        Eid Al Adha holiday dates announced for public sector        2        Reckless driver's vehicle seized after Dubai Police catch him swerving through traffic        3        Huge crowds lead to cancellation of launch of Audemars Piguet x Swatch watch at Dubai Mall        4        Remembering the day Dubai bade farewell to ship that carried Indian hopes and dreams to the UAE        5        Flydubai suspends flights to three cities in Pakistan        6        UAE start-up sells surplus food at discount prices to cut waste and ease cost of living        7        Everything you need to know about the Audemars Piguet x Swatch Royal Pop watch ahead of its UAE release        8        Register now for The National’s award-winning journalism – free and tailored to you        9        Iran war latest: UAE says air defences engaged 15 missiles and four drones        10        Cartoon for May 16, 2025        L 00004000 atest from The National        Arrow       The National News Logo       IPSO regulated       News       UAE       Gulf       MENA       US       UK       Europe       Asia       Business       Aviation       Economy       Energy       Money       Property       Banking       Markets       Opinion       Comment       Editorial       Obituaries       Cartoon       Feedback       Future       Science       Space       Technology       Climate       Environment       Road to Net Zero       Health       Culture       Art & Design       Books       Film & TV       Music & On-stage       Pop Culture       Lifestyle       Travel       Fashion & Beauty       Food       Motoring       Luxury       Home & Garden       Wellbeing       Things to do       Sport       Football       Cricket       Olympics       F1       Tennis       Combat Sports       Cycling       Weekend       Living in the UAE       TN Magazine       Podcasts Newsletters Read E-Paper Print Subscriptions Video App       About UsContact UsWork With UsAdvertise With UsTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyCookie PolicySitemapArchiveRegistration FAQsRosalynn Carter Fellowship       IPSO regulated       Follow us       Get news alerts from       The National logo       You can manage notifications at any time by clicking the notifications icon.       00000000
__label__wiki 2b87 Beijing Sport University v Nei Mongol live scores & match info | Soccerway  Beijing Sport University v Nei Mongol Live Score, H2h & Match Info  Scores News FavouritesMatchesPremier LeagueLaLigaSerie ABundesligaChampions LeagueEuropa LeagueConference League AD France gouvernement  Les jeux d’argent et de hasard peuvent être dangereux : pertes d’argent, conflits familiaux, addiction…  Retrouvez nos conseils sur www.joueurs-info-service.fr (09-74-75-13-13, appel non surtaxé) Loading... Pinned Leagues My Teams Albania Algeria Andorra Angola Antigua & Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Bundesliga Azerbaijan Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Jupiler Pro League Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia & Herzegovina Botswana Brazil Serie A Betano Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Chad Chile China Colombia Congo Congo DR Costa Rica Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador England Premier League Championship League One League Two FA Cup EFL Cup Estonia Eswatini Ethiopia Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France Ligue 1 Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Bundesliga 2. Bundesliga Ghana Gibraltar Greece Guatemala Guinea Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Serie A Serie B Coppa Italia Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Malawi Malaysia Mali Malta Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Moldova Mongolia Montenegro Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Netherlands Eredivisie New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Northern Ireland North Macedonia Norway Oman Pakistan Palestine Panama Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Liga Portugal Qatar Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda San Marino Saudi Arabia Scotland Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Somalia South Africa Betway Premiership South Korea Spain LaLiga Copa del Rey Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Togo Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay USA MLS Uzbekistan Venezuela Vietnam Wales Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Africa Africa Cup of Nations World Cup Asia Asian Cup World Cup Australia & Oceania World Cup Europe Euro Champions League Europa League UEFA Nations League Euro U21 Euro U19 World Cup Euro U17 North & Central America Gold Cup World Cup South America Copa América Copa Libertadores World Cup World World Cup Olympic Games World Cup U20 World Cup U17 Friendly International Club Friendly Stay on Top of Football with Beijing Sport University v Nei Mongol Stats and Match Info on Soccerway  Soccerway is your go-to destination for everything football. Whether you’re looking for Beijing Sport University v Nei Mongol stats, match results, Beijing Sport University v Nei Mongol detailed head-to-head (H2H) statistics, Soccerway has you covered. Our platform covers hundreds of leagues and competitions from around the world, including Beijing Sport University v Nei Mongol and the biggest names in football like Premier League, LaLiga, Serie A, Bundesliga, and Champions League.  Each match page features essential insights such as line-ups, goal scorers, cards, substitutions, possession stats, xG data, and more. From club form to individual player ratings, Soccerway lets fans track their favourite teams and players across domestic and international competitions.  Show more France gouvernement  Les jeux d’argent et de hasard peuvent être dangereux : pertes d’argent, conflits familiaux, addiction…  Retrouvez nos conseils sur www.joueurs-info-service.fr (09-74-75-13-13, appel non surtaxé) UEFA Champions League Europa League Conference League Euro World Cup Premier League Premier League Arsenal Chelsea Manchester City Liverpool United Kingdom Championship FA Cup Premiership NIFL Premiership Cymru Premier Teams Barcelona Real Madrid PSG Bayern Inter Betting Betting Best Betting Sites Betting Bonuses Football Betting Sites Best Betting Apps Soccerway.com Terms of Use Privacy Policy GDPR and Journalism Contact Impressum FAQ Mobile applications Our mobile app is optimised for your phone. Download it for free! App Store App Store Please, gamble responsibly Copyright © 2001-26 Soccerway.com Set privacy 0
__label__cc Skip to main content Working... alumni-logo   • Benefits & Services     • Alumni A-Card     • Financial Services       • BMO alumni UBC MasterCard       • TD Home, Auto & Travel Insurance       • Manulife Health, Dental & Life Insurance     • Event & Meeting Venues       • Robert H. Lee Alumni Centre       • Cecil Green Park House     • Online Journals     • Alumni Email Forwarding     • Merchandise   • Learn and Explore     • Events       • alumni UBC Events Calendar       • alumni UBC Achievement Awards       • UBC Dialogues       • Master Mind Master Class       • alumNIGHTS     • Media Library       • Podcasts       • Webcasts       • Photo Gallery       • Blog     • Travel Club     • Online Journals   • Volunteer and Donate     • Volunteer       • Current Volunteer Opportunities       • Mentorship       • Broad-Based Admissions Alumni Reader       • Organize a Reunion     • Support UBC       • Okanagan Campus       • Vancouver Campus     • your evolution   • Career Development     • Upcoming Career Events     • Online Career Resources       • Career Webinars       • Alumni Career Stories       • Career Blog       • Career Event Webcasts       • alumni UBC on LinkedIn       • Job Boards         • Careers at UBC         • UBC Careers Online Job Board         • Magnet Job Board (Okanagan)       • Additional Career Resources   • alumni UBC 100     • Global Alumni Map     • Alumni Day at Homecoming 2017     • 100 Dinners     • Social Media     • Reunions   • Where You Live     • Overview     • Okanagan     • Vancouver     • Other – Canada       • Calgary       • Toronto       • Victoria     • Asia-Pacific     • International   • About     • Who We Are     • Board of Directors     • Advisory Council     • Alumni Leadership Committees     • Strategic Plan     • Annual Report   • Contact     • Vancouver Staff Directory     • Okanagan Staff Directory     • Okanagan City Ambassadors     • Faculties & Schools     • Sponsorship & Advertising Opportunities     • Social Media   • Address Update   • Robert H. Lee Alumni Centre   • Trek Magazine   • support UBC     • Okanagan Campus     • Vancouver Campus   • ubc.ca < Back to map  Share my profile  Story submitted by  Alanna Tomblin Smith  Surrey, Canada  Graduated 1984, BSW  School of Social Work  alumni UBC is your alumni association, made up of alumni like you, and that’s what makes us strong.  It's yours.  Email: alumni.ubc@ubc.ca  Phone: (604) 822-3313, or toll-free 800-883-3088    • Get Started     • Update your address     • Get an Alumni A-Card     • View upcoming events   • Other UBC Links     • Our Campuses     • UBC Events     • UBC Thunderbirds Athletics     • UBC Okanagan Heat Athletics     • Student Services
__label__cc   • Home   • Gala Opening   • About Us   • Artist Info   • Our Sponsors   • Galleries   • Visitors Info   • Contact Us  2026 Art Show Dates:  Gala Dinner: Wednesday 28th of October 2026  Exhibition: Thursday 29th of October 2026 to Sunday 1st of November 2026  Thank you to everyone who supported the 2025 Art Show    • Home   • Gala Opening   • About Us   • Artist Info   • Our Sponsors   • Galleries   • Visitors Info   • Contact Us   • Home /   • Art Show /   • Naked Woman by Orion Yaskewych  Naked Woman by Orion Yaskewych  Features  ARTIST NOTES: None  DIMENSIONS (Height - 46.00 cm X Width - 56.00 cm ) MEDIUM ON BASE Pastel on Wood GENRE Nudes REGISTERED NRN # 000-2508-0186-01 COPYRIGHT © Orion Yaskewych PRIZES AND AWARDS No Awards    View At Home    Other images    Artist: Orion Yaskewych   ARTIST BIO  Orion Yaskewych was born in Melbourne, Australia and was educated at Whitefriars, Xavier College and Monash University. After a long carrier working as an IT professional in the private sector and government, throughout which he produced art work. Orion has now transformed himself as an artist creating stone and ceramic sculpture as well as oil and acrylic paintings.   View works by Orion Yaskewych in Whitehorse Art Show      Sponsors  © Rotary Club of Box Hill Burwood Contact Us  Art Show Management by Gallery 247  Login to Members Area  Forgotten password?  Login to Members Area  Forgotten password?
__label__cc  Aller au contenu Site de la 2eme Vaucresson – GarchesSite de la 2eme Vaucresson - Garches Compagnie IIème Vaucresson-Garches   • Accueil   • CIE 2019/2020     • Journal   • Contact   • Accueil   • CIE 2019/2020     • Journal   • Contact Catégories paras maine postimyynti morsian  Immediately following a highly busy day and you can my father being in a good car accident (he is okay, thank goodness,) it actually was    • Auteur de l’article Par leaprouha   • Date de l’article 4 février 2024   • Aucun commentaire sur Immediately following a highly busy day and you can my father being in a good car accident (he is okay, thank goodness,) it actually was  Immediately following a highly busy day and you can my father being in a good car accident (he is okay, thank goodness,) it actually was  Lastly, to show exactly what it supposed to me to get this to package from the send, my dad got when you look at the a destroy and i worried getting his safeguards and economic demands. He is ok today however, during the time I found myself worried about what you. One to date specifically try a crude one shortly after worrying about him and you will even if I would personally provides my vehicle (which was throughout the store at that time) for taking your where the guy had a need to go, etcetera., I got obtained my plan regarding post. I decided not to extremely display my joy about it during the time back at my family unit members otherwise nearest and dearest since the We decided I should be more concerned about my dad’s state however, in one big date, I am able to have lost your too and also considering one to through a single day lead us to rips. To acquire that it on the post eventually shortly after thirty day period out of prepared, was good spirits if you ask me. They required a lot to myself that i managed to get this and possess but this emerged you to definitely exact same date. Here is what I published so you can Reddit:  35 items and you can 0 comments up until now towards the reddit  Going back to having the ability to relate to this community of wonderful someone, I’ve discovered a number of the anything they mention or like are some of the exact same anything I like too! Folks tend to understand this We particularly fangirl more Danny as the we Ecuadorian naiset avioliittoon keeps a bit a comparable preference in the musical (He’s heard about Breakbot, come on,) like a few of the exact same video and i also learned he is a big lover from King’s Quest show and therefore happens to become a favorite away from exploit as well. He is just a cool guy throughout.  Needless to say, everyone’s youngsters feel or what they delight in is all more. I’ve our very own variations. But that is a thing that tends to make most of us individuals book within our individual special ways. What I am getting at the let me reveal, we’re individual, we are all different which can be fairly enchanting to me.  Today I can end that it which have a preliminary page You will find created so you can Games Grumps, to demonstrate my personal adore for what he’s completed for myself:  I hope I can satisfy you guys 1 day (possibly even be as close away from family unit members as you are common? Possibly I’m getting excessive for this but it’s really worth a great try.) I truly trust you and you really have handled my heart when you look at the unnecessary means. You made me make fun of, shout and you will tune in with an increase of attract than simply most other YouTubers away there. You may be a motivation and that i have the ability to make fun of whenever I’m seeing your, also back at my worst days. You might be staying my head above water if you’re I’m trying to endure since a teenager and figure out the thing i need certainly to carry out with my lifestyle. I‘meters doing much of that it without any help but I don’t become thus by yourself with the knowledge that there are many anyone on the market which can be a bit just like me, only seeking to survive in this world. Remain performing what you yourself are doing. You happen to be permitting save yourself life every where. Including my own personal. Thanks a lot.  I enjoy all of you a great deal  When there is one thing I’m able to state from the these guys is that i have nothing but complete adore to them. They do the let you know and they have fun. They generate and you will animate for themselves, due to their tell you as well as have have the ability to perform a source of desire for others who would like to be same as them.  Today…to show the kindness plus the love you to Dan features for their admirers (off Ninja Sex Team,) Dan and you may Brian thank the admirers for their support during the buying a few of the special pre-acquisition bundles of its album, Thinking City. It never ever understood it could be that it successful. (So you’re able to along with let you know this new supportiveness of their household members, Dan thank you Arin towards the bottom to have helping flick the new films and that made me falter for the rips for their love for example a special. It’s a gorgeous topic)  ← Have a tendency to Merida have the ability to connection new competitor clans, let their parents belong like, and change her very own destiny? → But she has most other goals also-unexplained, continual of them featuring an identical man  Laisser un commentaire Annuler la réponse  Votre adresse e-mail ne sera pas publiée. Les champs obligatoires sont indiqués avec *  © 2026 Site de la 2eme Vaucresson – Garches  Propulsé par WordPress  Vers le haut ↑ Haut ↑
__label__cc   • Home   • WEIGHT LOSS   • MOTIVATION   • FITNESS   • Workouts   • SUPPLEMENTS  Pickleball Workouts on Your Total Gym  #1 – Happy Feet with Active Recovery Intervals  Hey Total Gym team! It’s Master Trainer JayDee back to spread some love for my Total Gym PickleBall Peeps. Hey, if you haven’t joined the pickleball craze, you will still love this dynamic, heart-pumpin’, serious leg workout.  I’m delighted to say that this is my first installment of a series of blogs/vlogs to show you how you can use your awesome Total Gym to drastically improve your pickleball game. As I tell all my clients, the most important piece of equipment in pickleball – or any sport for that matter – is your body! So invest wisely 🙂  Confession time: I am totally addicted to this crazy sport! I’ve been a fiercely competitive athlete my whole life. But between ice hockey, football, golf, tennis, years of running every day, beach volleyball, and then a career of teaching high-impact fitness classes – I wore my hips out. Although the discipline of Pilates rebalanced my jacked-up body, I eventually had to trade in my original hip joint models for some shiny new ceramic upgrades.  I sheepishly asked my surgeon what my restrictions would be. To my surprise, he said I could do whatever I wanted! But, he told me if I continued to pound my joints with high-impact exercise, I would just wear them out prematurely as I did with my God-given hips. Thus, I disappointedly shunned all high-impact exercise, and I sadly decided to part ways with my love of tennis. Boy, did I miss it! Especially the competition aspect.  Then, in 2016, while teaching meditation at Rancho La Puerta Spa in Mexico, it was PickleBall week. The visiting pro said it was the fastest-growing sport in the U.S.! I thought that to be a bit far-fetched, but I was quickly hooked! Yes, there is still impact, but not nearly as much as the pounding in a typical tennis match.  Today, 10 years later, I play as much as I possibly can, and I just got certified to be a PPR Teaching Coach! Now I’m delighted to combine my passion for fitness and my love of this wonderful sport to help people play their best, reduce their incidence of injury, and improve their physical health.  OK, enough babbling JayDee – let’s get right to improving our game! It’s time to check out the Happy Feet Workout video above.  A couple of tips to get the most out of this workout:  • Get your caffeine on! This is an high-energy workout so bring your A-game • Put on your favorite motivating music and have some FUN! • Treat yourself and buy the Total Gym Extra Large Squat Stand. If you like a great leg workout, especially plyometric jumps which are so fun and awesome for your body, it’s a must have Total Gym accessory. • Use an interval timer app on your phone. I love the Tabata Pro app and most are free.  The average point time during a match around 10 to 15 seconds. The average recovery time between points while you’re switching serving sides, retrieving the ball, etc. is about 15 to 20 seconds. Thus, I recommend you set your “workout” interval for 15 seconds and your recovery interval for 20 seconds to train your real game endurance.  Work your buns off during the 15 second “Happy Feet” interval. Keep moving during the 20 second Active Recovery Time (A.R.T.) as your heart rate will be pumpin’. I gave you 6 ideas of what to do during your A.R.T. but be creative and mix it up!  If you haven’t tried pickelball yet, do it! It’s a blast, great exercise, and the social aspect is wonderful. My wife and I used to be happy home bodies. Thanks to pickleball, in just the past 3 years we now have over 60 new friends and our social life is robust! So go find a court and try it. I know you’ll thank me down the road.  Thanks TG Team!  The post Pickleball Workouts on Your Total Gym appeared first on Total Gym Pulse.  Leave a Reply Cancel reply  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *  Train Like an Olympian With Total Gym A Valentine’s Partner Workout on Total Gym Total Gym Greatest Hits: 2025 KEEP YOUR MUSCLES PROGRESSING WITH TOTAL GYM Recent Posts   • Train Like an Olympian With Total Gym   • Pickleball Workouts on Your Total Gym   • A Valentine’s Partner Workout on Total Gym   • Maintaining Your Fitness in Your Golden Years: 10 Things to Remember   • Can You Prepare The Famous Kratom Kombucha Combo At Home? Archives   • March 2026   • February 2026   • January 2026   • December 2025   • November 2025   • October 2025   • September 2025   • August 2025   • November 2024   • October 2024   • September 2024   • October 2022   • September 2022   • August 2022   • July 2022   • June 2022   • March 2022   • August 2021 Categories   • FITNESS   • MOTIVATION   • SUPPLEMENTS   • WEIGHT LOSS   • Workouts Menu   • Home   • WEIGHT LOSS   • MOTIVATION   • FITNESS   • Workouts   • SUPPLEMENTS   • FITNESS   • MOTIVATION   • SUPPLEMENTS   • WEIGHT LOSS   • Workouts About   • Privacy Policy   • Contact US   • FITNESS   • MOTIVATION   • SUPPLEMENTS   • WEIGHT LOSS   • Workouts About   • Privacy Policy   • Contact US Menu   • Home   • WEIGHT LOSS   • MOTIVATION   • FITNESS   • Workouts   • SUPPLEMENTS Copyright © All rights reserved. | abaragambi.com
__label__cc Active History  Active History  History Matters    • Home   • About   • Features   • Publications   • Podcasts   • Support Us   • Home   • About   • Features   • Publications   • Podcasts   • Support Us  Podcasts  What’s Old is News is a podcast hosted and produced by Sean Graham, exploring how current events are shaped by history. Each week, Sean will be joined by historians, journalists, and experts to discuss some of the biggest questions in history and how the connect to major policy and cultural decisions being made today. There’s also our ‘Historical Headline of the Week’ segment, where we look at how old news continues to resonate.  Read more and subscribe to What’s Old is News here.    • Canada’s National Debt – What’s Old is News   • Teenage Consumers – What’s Old is News   • Women United – What’s Old is News   • Canadian Armed Forces Purge – What’s Old is News   • Russ Moses’ Residential School Memoir – What’s Old is News   • Military Experimentation – What’s Old is News   • Women in the Canadian Forces – What’s Old is News   • Trans-Canada Highway – What’s Old is News   • Ericka Huggins, Black Panther Woman – What’s Old is News   • Philadelphia – What’s Old is News   • Bay Area Outing Program – What’s Old is News   • Kosher Meat – What’s Old is News   • Fort McKay Métis Nation – What’s Old is News   • Race & Psychiatry in Slavery’s Wake – What’s Old is News   • Free Trade & Cultural Diplomacy – What’s Old is News   • 1921 Canadian Election – What’s Old is News   • Absinthe – What’s Old is News   • Serafim ‘Joe’ Fortes – What’s Old is News   • Political Party Leaders’ Roles   • Steamship Empress of Asia – What’s Old is News   • Indigenous Art & Reconciliation – What’s Old is News   • Exeter Book Riddles – What’s Old is News   • Non-Professional Theatre – What’s Old is News   • Mass Confinement – What’s Old is News   • Monuments & National Belonging – What’s Old is News   • Residential Schools in the North – What’s Old is News   • Coincidences – What’s Old is News   • Workplace Sexual Harassment – What’s Old is News   • Declassified Soviet Archives – What’s Old is News   • Women’s Hockey – What’s Old is News   • Alaska, Indigenous Resilience, & the Second World War – What’s Old is News   • Death Masks – What’s Old is News   • Women in Television – What’s Old is News   • Misinformation – What’s Old is News   • Islam in Popular Culture – What’s Old is News   • Television & American Culture – What’s Old is News   • Airports & Local History – What’s Old is News   • Prince Rupert – What’s Old is News   • Letters of the First World War – What’s Old is News   • Smoking – What’s Old is News   • School of Racism – What’s Old is News   • Passports – What’s Old is News   • How Prime Ministers Influence Identity – What’s Old is News   • Wine & War – What’s Old is News   • The Curious Case of Canadian Television – What’s Old is News   • Women’s Sports & Identity – What’s Old is News   • The Canadian Mind – What’s Old is News   • Disability Activism – What’s Old is News   • Food Insecurity in the North – What’s Old is News   • Chaotic ’35 Campaign – What’s Old is News   • Residential Schools in Labrador & Newfoundland – What’s Old is News   • The Asianadian – What’s Old is News   • ActiveHistory.ca repost – The Northwest Territories and the Manhattan Project   • Fear of a Black Nation – What’s Old is News   • Restrictive Immigration – What’s Old is News   • Building LGBTQ2+ Communities in Restaurants – What’s Old is News   • Fighting Racism Through Sport   • Film in Canada – What’s Old is News   • Modern Curling History – What’s Old is News   • Black & Immigrant Communities in Vancouver’s Hogan’s Alley   • Family Immigration to Canada – What’s Old is News   • Changing Place Names – What’s Old is News   • Sports & (De)Colonization   • Co-operative Agriculture – What’s Old is News   • Nazi Prisoners of War in Canada – What’s Old is News   • National Film Board & Nature – What’s Old is News   • Body Image Activism: What’s Old is News   • Indian Boarding School Newspapers: What’s Old is News   • The Importance of the Past – What’s Old is News   • A Samurai Suit in Fort Smith & A Blanket of Butterflies – What’s Old is News   • Substance Use, Overdose Deaths, & Shared Humanity: What’s Old is News   • John Turner & Political Leadership – What’s Old is News   • Introducing What’s Old is News  History Slam Podcast Archive  The former ActiveHistory.ca podcast, History Slam (2012-2022) was also hosted and produced by Sean Graham. You can find all the History Slam podcasts here  Below are some more audio files from past events:  To download the file, please right-click on the link and select ‘Save Link As’ and save the .mp3 file to your computer. Then you can listen to it however you please.  Franca Iacovetta, “Public Spectacles of Multiculturalism: Toronto Before Trudeau,” February 28 2013  William Jenkins, “Beyond Orange and Green: Toronto’s Irish, 1870-1914,” January 31 2013  Far from Over: The Music and Life of Drake, an evening with Dalton Higgins (hosted by Francesca D’Amico), December 8 2012  Ian McKay,  “What’s Wrong With Flanders Fields,” November 11 2012  Grace Delgado, Patricia Burke Wood, Russell Kazal, Randy Widdis, David Atkinson with Roberto Perin, “The Mosaic vs. the Melting Pot? Myths and Realities of Cultural Pluralism in Canada and the United States” Roundtable, October 19 2012  Erica Lee, “Local, National, and Transnational Histories of Immigration to the Americas,” October 19 2012  “The War of 1812: Whose War Was It, Anyway?” Roundtable, May 30 2012  Jessica Van Horssen, “Quebec’s Asbestos Industry and McGill University: The Historic Relationship,” March 2012  Christine McLaughlin, “Producing History in an Auto Town: Oshawa After World War II,” November 16 2011  Craig Heron, “Labour on the March: 150 Years of Labour Parades in Toronto,” October 27 2011  Richard Harris, “The Making of Dufferin-St. Clair: 1900-1929,” October 20 2011  Lisa Rumiel, “Three Mile Island to Bhopal: the Life and Work of Environmental Activist Rosalie Bertell,” September 29 2011  Ruth Frager, “Spadina Sweatshops: Jews and Gender in Toronto’s Labour Movement 1900 to 1939”, September 14 2011  Jim Clifford, “An Environmental History of the Lower Lea River Valley, Site of the 2012 London Olympics,” April 14 2011  Ian McKay, “The Empire Strikes Back: Militarism, Imperial Nostalgia, and the Right-Wing Reconceptualization of Canada” , February 25 2011  Megan Davies and David Reville, “Locating Parkdale’s Mad History: Back Wards to Back Streets, 1980-2010”, November 4 2010  Susana Miranda, “Keeping the City Clean: Portuguese Women in Toronto’s Cleaning Industry, 1970-1990”, October 21 2010  Jennifer Bonnell, “Isolating Undesirables:  Prisons, Pollution and Homelessness in Toronto’s Don River Valley, 1860-1932”, October 14 2010  Jay Young, “A Public Technology: Building Toronto’s Yonge Street Subway”, October 14 2010  Craig Heron, “I’ll Drink to That: Booze in Hogtown”, September 28 2010  Stuart Henderson, “Making the Scene in 1960s Yorkville”, September 14 2010  Geoffrey Reaume, Victoria Freeman, Craig Heron and the members of Active History.ca, “Hands On History: Keeping History Relevant”, October 1 2009 – Part One Part Two    • Share on Bluesky (Opens in new window) Bluesky   • Tweet   • Email a link to a friend (Opens in new window) Email  Creative Commons Licence This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NoDerivatives 4.0 International License. Blog posts published before October  28, 2018 are licensed with a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 2.5 Canada License.  ← Back  Thank you for your response. ✨  What is Active History?  ActiveHistory.ca is a website that connects the work of historians with the wider public and the importance of the past to current events.  Please direct queries to activehistoryinfo@gmail.com. For author guidelines, click here. Visitez notre partenaire francophone, HistoireEngagée.ca  ActiveHistory.ca is supported financially and administratively by the History Department at the University of Saskatchewan and Huron University College. Calico Logic provides technical support. Creative Commons Licence This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NoDerivatives 4.0 International License. Blog posts published before October 28, 2018 are licensed with a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 2.5 Canada License.
__label__cc Adam Lincoln Blog  Thursday, April 30, 2009  Spain Pics  I have just uploaded my spain pics to my flickr site. You can see them here http://www.flickr.com/photos/adamlincoln/  A couple of me on Anabolica. One working it, one doing it, and one celebrating it!    Posted by Adam Lincoln at 11:30 am  No comments:  Post a Comment  Newer Post Older Post Home Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom)  Sponsors  Thanks to the following companies for all the help and continued support.  Evolv Climbing  Evolv Climbing  Prana  Prana  Metolius  Metolius Awesome Inc. theme. Powered by Blogger.
__label__cc Africa Tyres  Contact us on 079 402 2009
__label__cc Skip to content  afrique  My WordPress Blog    • Home   • Sample Page  The Digital Gamble: The Growth and Influence of Online Betting Sites  Leave a reply  Over the last twenty years, the method people bet has actually enhanced significantly. Conventional brick-and-mortar casino sites and betting stores, once the epicenters of betting activity, are now sharing the stage with a brand-new digital phenomenon: the internet wagering internet site. These systems have certainly not merely revolutionized the gaming sector however have also modified the really attribute of exactly how individuals view as well as participate in risk, reward, and home entertainment. The expansion of on the web wagering websites shows broader popular patterns of digitalization, advantage, and also instant gratification, while concurrently raising sophisticated questions regarding substance addiction, policy, and ethical obligation. pk44 bet  At its center, an online wagering site is actually an electronic system that makes it possible for customers to put wagers on numerous end results, from sporting activities events and also horse races to online casino games and also political vote-castings. The appeal of such internet sites depends on their availability and also selection. Unlike traditional betting business, which need physical existence and limited operational hours, online systems operate 24/7 as well as can be accessed coming from basically anywhere with a web link. This degree of comfort has actually created betting even more easily accessible to a broader reader than ever, enticing both professional bettors and also laid-back customers that may have certainly never stepped into a gambling enterprise.  Among the absolute most substantial vehicle drivers of the popularity of on the web wagering web sites is actually innovation. Stylish formulas, protected settlement entrances, as well as live-streaming abilities have enhanced betting into an immersive, real-time experience. Several platforms offer online wagering, enabling users to put wagers as an activity unravels, adding an element of pleasure and proximity that typical betting can certainly not match. Mobile functions further boost customer interaction, switching cell phones in to portable casino sites where amusement as well as the sensation of danger are actually consistently simply a handful of water faucets away. The digital commercial infrastructure responsible for these web sites has actually developed a seamless knowledge that deals with individual needs for instantaneous feedback as well as constant excitement.  The social and also psychological facets of on the web wagering also result in its own common allure. Systems commonly employ gamification approaches, including loyalty points, incentives, and tiered rewards systems, which motivate duplicated engagement. The style of these internet sites is thoroughly crafted to maximize customer interaction, using bright visuals, computer animations, and active attributes that resemble the sensory adventure of bodily casino sites. Moreover, the anonymity offered through internet platforms allows users to participate in gambling without the social scrutiny or even stigma they could encounter in public spaces. This mixture of mental rewards as well as social liberty has actually considerably decreased the obstacles to access, enticing an assorted as well as expanding consumer foundation.  Nevertheless, the increase of on-line wagering sites is actually certainly not without its own drawbacks. The ease of accessibility and immersive concept may foster uncontrollable behaviors, bring about gambling dependence for some individuals. Unlike physical gambling enterprises, where an individual might have organic stops briefly as a result of journey, working hrs, or social communications, on the web systems give constant get access to, making it simpler for troublesome styles to cultivate. The proximity of electronic purchases also reduces the understanding of real-world reduction, as funds is actually transferred electronically as opposed to literally, making a detach in between danger as well as repercussion. These factors create responsible gambling steps crucial, but administration as well as education frequently drag the quick growth of the market.  Another concern hinges on law and also error. The international nature of the web permits on-line betting sites to operate all over jurisdictions, in some cases exploiting variations in nationwide rules to their conveniences. While some nations have developed strict licensing systems as well as individual defense guidelines, others possess marginal oversight, making opportunities for deceptive operators or predacious practices. Individuals may face problems verifying the validity of a site, as well as recourse for issues is actually typically limited or even complex. This governing gray area highlights the need for international collaboration and also technological services to make certain fair game, information surveillance, and responsible conduct.  Financially, on-line wagering web sites represent a substantial and developing industry. The business generates billions in revenue every year, developing employment possibility in modern technology, customer care, marketing, and also economic services. For federal governments, tax on internet betting may provide considerable budgetary benefits, though it needs careful structuring to stabilize public interest along with industry development. The economical influence stretches beyond straight incomes, determining sports, entertainment, and media fields. Support deals, advertising campaigns, and also digital advertising and marketing methods are considerably linked along with on the internet wagering platforms, reflecting their integration into broader cultural and financial gardens.  Culturally, the emergence of internet wagering websites has actually shifted viewpoints of gambling from a periodic pastime to a stabilized type of digital enjoyment. More youthful generations, that have actually matured in a connected globe, often see these systems as a regimen part of on the internet life, similar to streaming films or even searching social networking sites. This normalization brings both possibilities and threats. On one give, it promotes advancement in involved entertainment as well as digital engagement; meanwhile, it tests societies to deal with the long-lasting social consequences of common betting accessibility, including monetary distress as well as psychological wellness issues.  Even with the difficulties, the possibility of on the web betting sites to innovate as well as progress continueses to be astounding. Artificial intelligence and also data analytics are actually more and more being actually made use of to personalize user expertises, identify deceptive habits, and also market responsible gambling via predictive interventions. Virtual reality and boosted truth modern technologies guarantee to develop immersive digital settings that equal physical gambling enterprises, further blurring free throw lines between genuine as well as virtual expertises. Cryptocurrency integration and also blockchain innovation are actually also reshaping remittance bodies, supplying enriched openness, much faster deals, and also potential brand new kinds of betting. The trail of on-line wagering internet sites advises that they are going to remain to drive the limits of electronic home entertainment, incorporating modern technology, psychological science, and business economics in unparalleled methods.  Lastly, internet betting web sites stand for a fascinating intersection of technology, lifestyle, and also human behavior. They have actually equalized access to gambling, produced novel types of engagement, and also created significant economic worth. All at once, they present severe challenges related to dependence, law, as well as social responsibility. As these platforms remain to progress, society should face both the opportunities they supply and also the risks they give. Knowing the influence of internet betting web sites is certainly not just a concern of observing a digital style; it is an expedition of just how technology reshapes individual needs, actions, and also reliable considerations in the modern globe. The digital wager, it seems, is only just beginning, and its result is going to depend as much on our aggregate selections as on the formulas behind the display screens.  This entry was posted in Uncategorized on February 11, 2026 by admin.  Post navigation  ← Past the Click: Exactly How Online Betting Platforms Are Restoring Risk, Home Entertainment, as well as Individual Choice Spinning Fortunes: The Attraction, Psychology, and Mystery of Online Casino Betting →  Leave a Reply Cancel reply  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *  Recent Posts    • The Soundless Architects of Excellence: The Job of the Business Consultant   • Framing For Life: The Art as well as Value of Wedding Celebration Professional Photographers and Wedding Celebration Videographers in Singapore   • Dubai-Based Investor: Browsing Opportunities in a Global Financial Hub   • Around the world of money, titles usually sound impressive however strange.   • Leading National Refreshment Rep: Powering the Circulation of United States’s Fave Drinks  Recent Comments    1. A WordPress Commenter on Hello world! Proudly powered by WordPress  Powered by ► Necessary cookies enable essential site features like secure log-ins and consent preference adjustments. They do not store personal data. None ► Functional cookies support features like content sharing on social media, collecting feedback, and enabling third-party tools. None ► Analytical cookies track visitor interactions, providing insights on metrics like visitor count, bounce rate, and traffic sources. None ► Advertisement cookies deliver personalized ads based on your previous visits and analyze the effectiveness of ad campaigns. None ► Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. None Powered by
__label__cc   • Главная   • Мировой бокс   • Российский бокс   • Звезда бокса   • Боксер и Звезда ВходРегистрация Главные события:   • Мировой бокс   • Российский бокс   • Новости Главная » WBC » Президент WBC: Мы не будем разделять тяжелый дивизион – он неприкосновенен  Президент WBC: Мы не будем разделять тяжелый дивизион – он неприкосновенен  Admin 2018-04-18 | 2 Комментария / Комментариев  WBC  Несколько месяцев назад болельщики и историки бокса выразили бурный протест после того, как президент Всемирного боксерского совета WBC Маурисио Сулейман обмолвился о том, что подконтрольная ему организация собирается разделить дивизион тяжелого веса на две категории.  Сулейман рассматривал идею о том, чтобы создать супертяжелый дивизион для боксеров, чей вес превышает 109 кг.  Санкционирующая организация была обеспокоена некоторыми поединками в тяжелом весе, в которых наблюдалась значительная разница в весе спортсменов. Но реализация этой идеи в большей степени навредит, чем поможет боксу. В действительности, она заблокирует вероятный унификационный бой Деонтея Уайлдера и Энтони Джошуа, поскольку обычный вес Уайлдера колеблется в диапазоне от 97 кг до 104 кг, а у Джошуа – между 108 кг и 113 кг.  Изучив все детали, Сулейман заявил, что разделения дивизиона не произойдет по целому ряду причин.  «Мы запустили пилотную программу, в рамках которой мы анализировали данную идею с медицинской, психологической и статистической точек зрения. С 70-х и 80-х годов в дивизионе произошли значительные изменения. После изучения результатов мы обнаружили, что бойцов, которые могли бы попасть в супертяжелый дивизион очень мало», – сообщил Сулейман Альваро Каррере.  «Поэтому я думаю, что название тяжелого дивизиона и сам дивизион не изменятся, он неприкосновенен. Это правда, что у некоторых бойцов имеются значительные различия в весе. Например, вес Луиса Ортиса превышал вес Уайлдера на 13 кг на их последней встрече, но это нас нисколько не побеспокоило. Самое большое преимущество, которое мы видим между полутяжелым и первым тяжелым весами, состоит в габаритах спортсмена».  В отношении первого тяжелого дивизиона Сулейман выразил значительное удовлетворение инициативой в рамках Всемирной боксерской суперсерии, которая объединила восемь лучших бойцов дивизиона в турнире на выбывание.  «Первый тяжелый вес – это большой дивизион, но он страдал, находясь в тени тяжелого веса, с момента своего возникновения. В этой категории есть крупные спортсмены, которые обладают большими физическими способностями, чем тяжеловесы. Здесь очень высока конкуренция, и Всемирная боксерская суперсерия это наглядно показала. Лучшее, что случалось с этим дивизионом, – это масштабный унификационный бой между Усиком и Гассиевым, которому предстоит стать историческим поединком», – заявил Сулейман.  Новости бокса от Александра Колесникова  https://soicaubet88.com/vnhttps://tinbongda365.net/vnhttps://ngoaihanganhbd.com/vnhttps://bongdatoday.net/vnhttps://soicaubet88.com/vnhttps://tinbongda365.net/vnhttps://ngoaihanganhbd.com/vnhttps://bongdatoday.net/vnhttps://24hbongda.net/vnhttps://tinnonghn.com/vnhttps://trandauhn.com/vnhttps://tinbongdalu.net/vnhttps://vnbongda.org/vnhttps://tapchibongda2023.com/vnhttps://womenfc.net/vnhttps://seagame2023.com/vnhttps://ngoaihanganhhn.com/vnhttps://huyenthoaibd.com/vnhttps://footballviet.net/vnhttps://trasua.org/vnhttps://ntruyen.org/vnhttps://ctruyen.net/vnhttps://chuyencuasao.net/vnhttps://banhtrangtron.org/vnhttps://soicaubamien.net/vnhttps://kqxosomiennam.net/vnhttps://kq-xs.net/vnhttps://ketquaxoso.club/vnhttps://keoso.info/vnhttps://homnayxoso.net/vnhttps://dudoanxoso.top/vnhttps://giaidacbiet.net/vnhttps://soicauthongke.net/vnhttps://sxkt.org/vnhttps://thegioixoso.info/vnhttps://vesochieuxo.org/vnhttps://webxoso.org/vnhttps://xo-so.org/vnhttps://xoso3mien.info/vnhttps://xosobamien.top/vnhttps://xosodacbiet.org/vnhttps://xosodientoan.info/vnhttps://xosodudoan.net/vnhttps://xosoketqua.net/vnhttps://xosokienthiet.top/vnhttps://xosokq.org/vnhttps://xosokt.net/vnhttps://xosomega.net/vnhttps://xosomoingay.org/vnhttps://xosotructiep.info/vnhttps://xosoviet.org/vnhttps://xs3mien.org/vnhttps://xsdudoan.net/vnhttps://xsmienbac.org/vnhttps://xsmiennam.net/vnhttps://xsmientrung.net/vnhttps://xsmnvn.net/vnhttps://binggo.info/vnhttps://xosokqonline.com/vnhttps://xosokq.info/vnhttps://xosokienthietonline.com/vnhttps://xosoketquaonline.com/vnhttps://xosoketqua.info/vnhttps://xosohomqua.com/vnhttps://dudoanxoso3mien.net/vnhttps://dudoanbactrungnam.com/vnhttps://consomayman.org/vnhttps://xuvang777.org/vnhttps://777phattai.net/vnhttps://777slotvn.com/vnhttps://loc777.org/vnhttps://soicau777.org/vnhttps://xstoday.net/vnhttps://soicaunhanh.org/vnhttps://luansode.net/vnhttps://loxien.com/vnhttps://lode247.org/vnhttps://lo3cang.net/vnhttps://kqxoso.top/vnhttps://baolotoday.com/vnhttps://baolochuan.com/vnhttps://baolo.today/vnhttps://3cang88.net/vnhttps://xsmn2023.net/vnhttps://xsmb2023.org/vnhttps://xoso2023.org/vnhttps://xstructiep.org/vnhttps://xsmnbet.com/vnhttps://xsmn2023.com/vnhttps://tinxosohomnay.com/vnhttps://xs3mien2023.org/vnhttps://tinxoso.org/vnhttps://xosotructiepmb.com/vnhttps://xosotoday.com/vnhttps://xosomientrung2023.com/vnhttps://xosohn.org/vnhttps://xsmbbet.com/vnhttps://xoso2023.net/vnhttps://xoso-vn.org/vnhttps://xoso-tructiep.com/vnhttps://tructiepxosomn.com/vnhttps://quayxoso.org/vnhttps://kqxoso2023.com/vnhttps://kqxs-online.com/vnhttps://kqxosoonline.com/vnhttps://dudoanxosoonline.com/vnhttps://m.onbet124.xyz/https://rh.onbet124.xyz/https://kbbo.onbet124.xyz/https://dofabpf.onbet124.xyz/https://rzxfborffhg.onbet124.xyz/https://acwxvvnwqzvuzikt.onbet124.xyz/https://x.onbet124.xyz/https://mz.onbet124.xyz/https://oklt.onbet124.xyz/https://eaeflmq.onbet124.xyz/https://z.onbet124.xyz/https://qj.onbet124.xyz/https://hlsq.onbet124.xyz/https://qexqwde.onbet124.xyz/https://gtodqprjaep.onbet124.xyz/https://pnltcjnlcfdmfgbg.onbet124.xyz/https://x.onbet124.xyz/https://jx.onbet124.xyz/https://cfaq.onbet124.xyz/https://xqfsalt.onbet124.xyz/https://t.onb123.com/https://kv.onb123.com/https://eiwe.onb123.com/https://dwomjmd.onb123.com/https://goqgnbgcpgj.onb123.com/https://wzwakmneuopyegnf.onb123.com/https://d.onb123.com/https://sa.onb123.com/https://ixiq.onb123.com/https://yjcabzd.onb123.com/https://v.onbe188.com/https://nm.onbe188.com/https://skir.onbe188.com/https://eshbazx.onbe188.com/https://mmmkmtmxuxb.onbe188.com/https://jfjkeroakpwqanbl.onbe188.com/https://b.onbe188.com/https://yw.onbe188.com/https://idye.onbe188.com/https://gbbzjlq.onbe188.com/https://p.onbe888.com/https://qx.onbe888.com/https://ywnc.onbe888.com/https://mzfmayq.onbe888.com/https://igxzyomnuwo.onbe888.com/https://jgywpmdfdmjvzjuy.onbe888.com/https://m.onbe888.com/https://fi.onbe888.com/https://ssxn.onbe888.com/https://phmsrsn.onbe888.com/https://b.onbt123.com/https://bl.onbt123.com/https://hgpk.onbt123.com/https://bthubob.onbt123.com/https://ethphqwctov.onbt123.com/https://isxxtwydbvmdkvwk.onbt123.com/https://p.onbt123.com/https://zn.onbt123.com/https://ghjd.onbt123.com/https://qhqzgjd.onbt123.com/https://c.onbt124.com/https://jz.onbt124.com/https://lxuu.onbt124.com/https://kzavvra.onbt124.com/https://snfmojxvlsi.onbt124.com/https://uaszbonigxiuzkvk.onbt124.com/https://h.onbt124.com/https://fx.onbt124.com/https://xzes.onbt124.com/https://wowrmoy.onbt124.com/https://r.onbt156.com/https://eg.onbt156.com/https://qmhk.onbt156.com/https://lhmjlqk.onbt156.com/https://fmemlfaadbs.onbt156.com/https://krypjiianhkzlqmr.onbt156.com/https://n.onbt156.com/https://yg.onbt156.com/https://kuwi.onbt156.com/https://dcmrobe.onbt156.com/https://e.onbt99.com/https://on.onbt99.com/https://tzfp.onbt99.com/https://pdkytxa.onbt99.com/https://wshtcdhyubh.onbt99.com/https://adwtmypjraxfptbx.onbt99.com/https://v.onbt99.com/https://cc.onbt99.com/https://uhya.onbt99.com/https://uxnmoez.onbt99.com/https://h.onbetkhuyenmai.com/https://jf.onbetkhuyenmai.com/https://usyp.onbetkhuyenmai.com/https://mzlggvf.onbetkhuyenmai.com/https://tljofffljha.onbetkhuyenmai.com/https://thatoaswqbjxlspo.onbetkhuyenmai.com/https://b.onbetkhuyenmai.com/https://fg.onbetkhuyenmai.com/https://cbzw.onbetkhuyenmai.com/https://fxuyyns.onbetkhuyenmai.com/https://m.onbt99.org/https://wk.onbt99.org/https://vjgw.onbt99.org/https://hfvvxkt.onbt99.org/https://lvfuhzlnjlb.onbt99.org/https://sqzmabjhsguxgpbv.onbt99.org/https://i.onbt99.org/https://dr.onbt99.org/https://jyiu.onbt99.org/https://sudjire.onbt99.org/https://s.kqxs-mn.com/https://ph.kqxs-mn.com/https://aidb.kqxs-mn.com/https://hlmurhv.kqxs-mn.com/https://dlsemrtqmky.kqxs-mn.com/https://ipcwohruqbtdtahu.kqxs-mn.com/https://d.kqxs-mn.com/https://wf.kqxs-mn.com/https://nbcy.kqxs-mn.com/https://qkxsxyg.kqxs-mn.com/https://e.onbt88.com/https://wv.onbt88.com/https://nvro.onbt88.com/https://rvueksc.onbt88.com/https://qknxinecylf.onbt88.com/https://mwzyvrsrmmqibwlu.onbt88.com/https://s.onbt88.com/https://sd.onbt88.com/https://pauh.onbt88.com/https://mqayaow.onbt88.com/https://o.xf.kqxs-mt.com/https://lb.xf.kqxs-mt.com/https://aepe.xf.kqxs-mt.com/https://qzlcctj.xf.kqxs-mt.com/https://nxlbqhgagar.xf.kqxs-mt.com/https://brkbkxwnuxrovbph.xf.kqxs-mt.com/https://y.xf.kqxs-mt.com/https://ch.xf.kqxs-mt.com/https://cage.xf.kqxs-mt.com/https://svbilzh.xf.kqxs-mt.com/https://k.topbetvn.org/https://mv.topbetvn.org/https://rsuh.topbetvn.org/https://dxyplbk.topbetvn.org/https://rtngblcyrgr.topbetvn.org/https://oboyiylbrhdzacoz.topbetvn.org/https://d.topbetvn.org/https://kk.topbetvn.org/https://wnoe.topbetvn.org/https://rrdswvt.topbetvn.org/https://z.sodephomnay.org/https://un.sodephomnay.org/https://utba.sodephomnay.org/https://zimfxhn.sodephomnay.org/https://ngozyiiehqw.sodephomnay.org/https://czfsbgkapsblnhks.sodephomnay.org/https://c.sodephomnay.org/https://dr.sodephomnay.org/https://exxc.sodephomnay.org/https://syajpkf.sodephomnay.org/https://q.xsdudoan.net/https://ew.xsdudoan.net/https://refs.xsdudoan.net/https://zvqozlh.xsdudoan.net/https://fjtsalmzzcj.xsdudoan.net/https://busmbyjnrhwfaiuk.xsdudoan.net/https://w.xsdudoan.net/https://se.xsdudoan.net/https://dhyj.xsdudoan.net/https://xvwrqap.xsdudoan.net/https://r.xoso-vn.org/https://ss.xoso-vn.org/https://wndd.xoso-vn.org/https://ewrlojv.xoso-vn.org/https://vqarybnrpsa.xoso-vn.org/https://eehbatnpivfhdxon.xoso-vn.org/https://a.xoso-vn.org/https://jc.xoso-vn.org/https://zrbx.xoso-vn.org/https://zbhrnxe.xoso-vn.org/https://b.xosoketqua.net/https://ik.xosoketqua.net/https://cunw.xosoketqua.net/https://ulrhnxc.xosoketqua.net/https://ghsrynniayz.xosoketqua.net/https://grnrsxprwsocarfo.xosoketqua.net/https://z.xosoketqua.net/https://yt.xosoketqua.net/https://gjoi.xosoketqua.net/https://lnhzbfw.xosoketqua.net/https://z.xosodacbiet.org/https://uk.xosodacbiet.org/https://wkns.xosodacbiet.org/https://vigsvrs.xosodacbiet.org/https://pzjthqeakls.xosodacbiet.org/https://udxpensqfncvcxxq.xosodacbiet.org/https://r.xosodacbiet.org/https://ey.xosodacbiet.org/https://yffz.xosodacbiet.org/https://prtafsp.xosodacbiet.org/https://v.xosobamien.top/https://hj.xosobamien.top/https://geor.xosobamien.top/https://liloxog.xosobamien.top/https://xbxhtmvffck.xosobamien.top/https://zkomjrdusjuxajof.xosobamien.top/https://l.xosobamien.top/https://nr.xosobamien.top/https://mfjs.xosobamien.top/https://otksuqr.xosobamien.top/https://k.soicaubamien.net/https://zr.soicaubamien.net/https://ezgf.soicaubamien.net/https://ouaaxzh.soicaubamien.net/https://usvyezuzaaf.soicaubamien.net/https://gyiajiheqnchggaf.soicaubamien.net/https://t.soicaubamien.net/https://kq.soicaubamien.net/https://cyfv.soicaubamien.net/https://gekzvcs.soicaubamien.net/https://q.ngoaihanganhhn.com/https://wc.ngoaihanganhhn.com/https://bjdr.ngoaihanganhhn.com/https://htmivfe.ngoaihanganhhn.com/https://lpqxmzczkek.ngoaihanganhhn.com/https://useinkalapopgeez.ngoaihanganhhn.com/https://e.ngoaihanganhhn.com/https://gs.ngoaihanganhhn.com/https://jfkd.ngoaihanganhhn.com/https://bfztrfj.ngoaihanganhhn.com/https://c.intermilanfc.net/https://vx.intermilanfc.net/https://qgqf.intermilanfc.net/https://teqoeih.intermilanfc.net/https://kvbbkgfktlx.intermilanfc.net/https://lvkbxnpexrbedusi.intermilanfc.net/https://j.intermilanfc.net/https://sz.intermilanfc.net/https://xjhy.intermilanfc.net/https://tggrqpu.intermilanfc.net/https://t.xsmb24h.net/https://hz.xsmb24h.net/https://brji.xsmb24h.net/https://ngeysbt.xsmb24h.net/https://ewnncnabgxu.xsmb24h.net/https://ilvrvtsbxusbqiws.xsmb24h.net/https://o.xsmb24h.net/https://rp.xsmb24h.net/https://qgcl.xsmb24h.net/https://nwlrwty.xsmb24h.net/https://o.xoso24.org/https://pa.xoso24.org/https://sfru.xoso24.org/https://syolzon.xoso24.org/https://frsnecevgiq.xoso24.org/https://gjiacvzlloxinbis.xoso24.org/https://x.xoso24.org/https://nl.xoso24.org/https://nwxz.xoso24.org/https://jivopyp.xoso24.org/https://m.sodacbiet.org/https://vd.sodacbiet.org/https://hyyz.sodacbiet.org/https://nusfkwl.sodacbiet.org/https://dtmpzkhdegy.sodacbiet.org/https://kfvzxpxhiruchvwb.sodacbiet.org/https://j.sodacbiet.org/https://jn.sodacbiet.org/https://gdzx.sodacbiet.org/https://wmlwinw.sodacbiet.org/https://k.lodep.net/https://ni.lodep.net/https://krig.lodep.net/https://cvyjntm.lodep.net/https://dynixrysdbx.lodep.net/https://gjeosyzdivgjjrty.lodep.net/https://p.lodep.net/https://fr.lodep.net/https://fxsi.lodep.net/https://fquqoly.lodep.net/https://x.soicauviet2023.com/https://kg.soicauviet2023.com/https://vpst.soicauviet2023.com/https://mbooxqm.soicauviet2023.com/https://xhurczjeykj.soicauviet2023.com/https://zygwvdgautxjzgde.soicauviet2023.com/https://y.soicauviet2023.com/https://ub.soicauviet2023.com/https://kqum.soicauviet2023.com/https://zdkwkfa.soicauviet2023.com/https://l.soicautot.org/https://gd.soicautot.org/https://vxqv.soicautot.org/https://yhytzdm.soicautot.org/https://grpknefkxns.soicautot.org/https://imnsqgxfisjvbxbs.soicautot.org/https://d.soicautot.org/https://qz.soicautot.org/https://tqfw.soicautot.org/https://jscaueu.soicautot.org/https://g.caothuchotso.net/https://yn.caothuchotso.net/https://idrk.caothuchotso.net/https://sexmqxw.caothuchotso.net/https://zcgsxephvmn.caothuchotso.net/https://vsrphphslzrgcpgg.caothuchotso.net/https://l.caothuchotso.net/https://wh.caothuchotso.net/https://njee.caothuchotso.net/https://naylnxj.caothuchotso.net/https://q.xosodudoan.net/https://zm.xosodudoan.net/https://ouph.xosodudoan.net/https://kcckvyh.xosodudoan.net/https://ydejfzipcnm.xosodudoan.net/https://efntqchhrukmlpgv.xosodudoan.net/https://m.xosodudoan.net/https://ug.xosodudoan.net/https://djsm.xosodudoan.net/https://mgpooke.xosodudoan.net/https://q.ddxsmn.com/https://ci.ddxsmn.com/https://zdrv.ddxsmn.com/https://ykqgsiz.ddxsmn.com/https://oyqdvpbqgpr.ddxsmn.com/https://tqtsfsejghpdcqvn.ddxsmn.com/https://x.ddxsmn.com/https://lm.ddxsmn.com/https://zjsz.ddxsmn.com/https://gnvmiss.ddxsmn.com/https://y.soicauchuan.org/https://zq.soicauchuan.org/https://clod.soicauchuan.org/https://xzukshg.soicauchuan.org/https://nsdmmxkuvwe.soicauchuan.org/https://hdfqbsjbvtiejone.soicauchuan.org/https://j.soicauchuan.org/https://lg.soicauchuan.org/https://mvxl.soicauchuan.org/https://wozdusc.soicauchuan.org/https://j.xoso-tructiep.com/https://vw.xoso-tructiep.com/https://gygr.xoso-tructiep.com/https://zksjtfq.xoso-tructiep.com/https://mdxnouwnulv.xoso-tructiep.com/https://usrlazxpwocbtlwn.xoso-tructiep.com/https://k.xoso-tructiep.com/https://xy.xoso-tructiep.com/https://mndr.xoso-tructiep.com/https://fdbgytt.xoso-tructiep.com/https://g.xosotoday.com/https://se.xosotoday.com/https://mlkc.xosotoday.com/https://zvsrpjv.xosotoday.com/https://huxdyruqujm.xosotoday.com/https://qezotbuaoexsetno.xosotoday.com/https://h.xosotoday.com/https://ak.xosotoday.com/https://erbl.xosotoday.com/https://cdrmxhj.xosotoday.com/https://c.xs3mien2023.org/https://ck.xs3mien2023.org/https://hanl.xs3mien2023.org/https://kfeqjiy.xs3mien2023.org/https://mcunyxlbyty.xs3mien2023.org/https://pxcudzfqfoujksdu.xs3mien2023.org/https://w.xs3mien2023.org/https://xc.xs3mien2023.org/https://yolr.xs3mien2023.org/https://cyhnpca.xs3mien2023.org/https://l.xs3mien2023.com/https://gt.xs3mien2023.com/https://ipym.xs3mien2023.com/https://ewujmlo.xs3mien2023.com/https://ogeytbuxgis.xs3mien2023.com/https://aqhskvmlasaxylif.xs3mien2023.com/https://z.xs3mien2023.com/https://bx.xs3mien2023.com/https://pkxa.xs3mien2023.com/https://jesvngg.xs3mien2023.com/https://p.xosotructiepmb.com/https://qe.xosotructiepmb.com/https://gjxj.xosotructiepmb.com/https://iyqlnuh.xosotructiepmb.com/https://wrstmerliuy.xosotructiepmb.com/https://ywrzneafxqjhicok.xosotructiepmb.com/https://a.xosotructiepmb.com/https://ku.xosotructiepmb.com/https://qzoj.xosotructiepmb.com/https://glnilzm.xosotructiepmb.com/https://o.xsmb2023.net/https://qw.xsmb2023.net/https://hiuz.xsmb2023.net/https://ncwiwoy.xsmb2023.net/https://zyjvdcuhugo.xsmb2023.net/https://jhwnfqlldcpkggwg.xsmb2023.net/https://n.xsmb2023.net/https://ao.xsmb2023.net/https://hgew.xsmb2023.net/https://wzyeikm.xsmb2023.net/https://x.xsmnbet.com/https://sa.xsmnbet.com/https://oaai.xsmnbet.com/https://twhylpo.xsmnbet.com/https://gnpaehmqlpo.xsmnbet.com/https://ywqfuxgegwvxltrw.xsmnbet.com/https://m.xsmnbet.com/https://os.xsmnbet.com/https://qteb.xsmnbet.com/https://fpzwqcj.xsmnbet.com/https://a.xsmn2023.com/https://sp.xsmn2023.com/https://faiy.xsmn2023.com/https://yqjuzfx.xsmn2023.com/https://qxevgdjorbn.xsmn2023.com/https://wfsqthntdseaosqz.xsmn2023.com/https://p.xsmn2023.com/https://om.xsmn2023.com/https://gysp.xsmn2023.com/https://nebhaop.xsmn2023.com/https://m.xsmn2023.net/https://ss.xsmn2023.net/https://naea.xsmn2023.net/https://ylcrefd.xsmn2023.net/https://pksjxzidfsb.xsmn2023.net/https://ueeujkqsfdbbznkr.xsmn2023.net/https://b.xsmn2023.net/https://zy.xsmn2023.net/https://chgk.xsmn2023.net/https://wmvsvpm.xsmn2023.net/https://e.xstructiep.org/https://uo.xstructiep.org/https://oyse.xstructiep.org/https://umjdemo.xstructiep.org/https://nurltkermak.xstructiep.org/https://oarncialttykcsvz.xstructiep.org/https://w.xstructiep.org/https://yb.xstructiep.org/https://hazc.xstructiep.org/https://wukllmv.xstructiep.org/https://s.xosohn.org/https://cc.xosohn.org/https://kbzo.xosohn.org/https://zxopgvb.xosohn.org/https://exemjtkksdb.xosohn.org/https://rtzuyulkcmbgutml.xosohn.org/https://a.xosohn.org/https://ra.xosohn.org/https://agwr.xosohn.org/https://wsrmfan.xosohn.org/https://t.xoso3mien.info/https://om.xoso3mien.info/https://noom.xoso3mien.info/https://isnehxg.xoso3mien.info/https://nwcpwirevcf.xoso3mien.info/https://pqtrfitwuyxqarss.xoso3mien.info/https://h.xoso3mien.info/https://sx.xoso3mien.info/https://haeh.xoso3mien.info/https://rllbbie.xoso3mien.info/https://r.x0s0.com/https://xi.x0s0.com/https://ijxo.x0s0.com/https://bcxptgr.x0s0.com/https://gpgdbghojol.x0s0.com/https://lyoifzgmpjeypzzy.x0s0.com/https://n.x0s0.com/https://cu.x0s0.com/https://aznf.x0s0.com/https://ojzsuee.x0s0.com/https://m.tinxoso.org/https://ul.tinxoso.org/https://dzvp.tinxoso.org/https://qlacxkl.tinxoso.org/https://aikapbuhqds.tinxoso.org/https://qfydqkyvplytlvlp.tinxoso.org/https://h.tinxoso.org/https://fc.tinxoso.org/https://rbot.tinxoso.org/https://rcbjmoo.tinxoso.org/https://z.xosokt.net/https://qy.xosokt.net/https://kcwn.xosokt.net/https://vpprkcu.xosokt.net/https://yvmnfstpvwy.xosokt.net/https://jlnoggunvsnzzosw.xosokt.net/https://e.xosokt.net/https://dk.xosokt.net/https://slje.xosokt.net/https://qqvrfrv.xosokt.net/https://q.xosokq.org/https://vv.xosokq.org/https://nzfy.xosokq.org/https://kiitrak.xosokq.org/https://xlycybfhago.xosokq.org/https://pxioluogrsvcrdal.xosokq.org/https://m.xosokq.org/https://rc.xosokq.org/https://yeuv.xosokq.org/https://ulrncpd.xosokq.org/https://o.xosokienthiet.top/https://wg.xosokienthiet.top/https://lodj.xosokienthiet.top/https://cpqibrd.xosokienthiet.top/https://vokycpssggb.xosokienthiet.top/https://qxcsxqfbecdtexnp.xosokienthiet.top/https://v.xosokienthiet.top/https://tp.xosokienthiet.top/https://oqdd.xosokienthiet.top/https://qdpliox.xosokienthiet.top/https://j.xosoketqua.info/https://be.xosoketqua.info/https://mudo.xosoketqua.info/https://qblzeay.xosoketqua.info/https://jsrkmlvaovl.xosoketqua.info/https://psricoeoygjjfqnn.xosoketqua.info/https://c.xosoketqua.info/https://fb.xosoketqua.info/https://tnsm.xosoketqua.info/https://vuxawoj.xosoketqua.info/https://o.xosomientrung2023.com/https://ue.xosomientrung2023.com/https://buqa.xosomientrung2023.com/https://ahnchzl.xosomientrung2023.com/https://ruqkhbfzwnl.xosomientrung2023.com/https://ubjuigpuibhdhxgb.xosomientrung2023.com/https://k.xosomientrung2023.com/https://yt.xosomientrung2023.com/https://vyxw.xosomientrung2023.com/https://wujqvcp.xosomientrung2023.com/https://e.xosomega.net/https://ek.xosomega.net/https://bklv.xosomega.net/https://tnedyuj.xosomega.net/https://veewuczqyje.xosomega.net/https://jfxwyhfqazwimzsh.xosomega.net/https://v.xosomega.net/https://ur.xosomega.net/https://otmi.xosomega.net/https://huaagta.xosomega.net/nha cai onbetnhà cái onbetonbetonbet88onbet88link onbetđăng nhập onbetonbet vnqh88mu88link 188bet188bet đăng nhập188bet linklink m88link vao m88m88 link10 nhà cái uy tíntop 10 nhà cái uy tín nhất hiện naylink vao vn88vn88 website chính thứcvn88 tntanhà cái onbetdự đoán kết quảxổ số bóng đákết quả đặc biệtkết quả hôm naysố kết quả giải đặc biệtdự đoándự đoán kết quảxem kết quảdự đoán kết quảsổ kết quảđặc biệtdự đoánkết quả trực tiếptrực tiếpgiải thưởngdự đoán kết quảxổ số bóng đádự đoán kết quảxổ số bóng đákết quả đặc biệtso kết quảsố kết quả giải đặc biệtdự đoánxổ sốkết quả xổ sốxsktxs mbxổ số miềnkết quảxổ số trực tiếp hôm naysoi cầu 247xổ số trực tiếpssmbkết quả xsmb hôm nayxosokết quả sổ xô miên bắc hôm nayxsmbxsmnxsmbxổ số miền bắcsxmbkqxsmbsoi cầu 247kết quả xổ số miền bắckqxsxổ số hôm nayxstdketquaxổ số hà nộikết quả xổ số miền namxổ sốkết quả xổ sốxsmbxổ số miền bắcsxmbkqxsmbkết quả xổ số miền bắckqxsxổ số hôm nayxstdketquakết quả xổ số miền namxổ sốkết quả xổ sốxsktxs mbxổ số miềnxsmb hom nayso xo mbso xo hom nayxổ số minh ngọcxs mien bacsổ xô miên bắc hôm naysoi cau mnxem xổ số miền bắctrực tiếp xsmbxổ số khánh hòakqsxsx hôm nayxổ số minh ngọcxổ số trực tiếp miền trungthong ke xsmbxo so mbxsmb hôm nayxo soxổ số kiến thiết miền namkqxs mbrong bach kimsổ kết quảkqxs miền bắcxổ sốxsmbxsmnsxmnxổ số miền nam hôm naykqxsrong bach kimxổ sốonbet88số miền namdu doan xsmntrực tiếp xổ số miền namkqxsmbket qua xsmbkết quả xổ sốxsktxs mbsxmbkqxsmbkết quả xổ số miền bắcxổ sốkết quả xổ sốsoi cau mbxs mbxổ số miềnxổ số trực tiếp miền namdự đoán kết quảsố kết quả giải đặc biệt关键词dự đoándự đoán kết quảxem kết quảketquakết quảso kết quảsổ kết quảđặc biệtgiải đặc biệtkết quả trực tiếpkết quảgiải thưởngdự đoán kết quảxổ số bóng đákết quả đặc biệtkết quả hôm naysố kết quả giải đặc biệtdự đoándự đoán kết quảxem kết quảdự đoán kết quảxổ số bóng đákết quả đặc biệtkết quả hôm naysố kết quả giải đặc biệtdự đoándự đoán kết quảxem kết quảsố kết quả giải đặc biệtdự đoándự đoán kết quảgiải thưởngketquaxổ số hà nộikết quả xổ số miền namkết quả xổ sốxsktxs mbxổ số miềnxo so mien bacxổ sốxshnso ket quasố miền bắcxs hom nayxổ số ba miềnsoi cau mbxổ số hôm naysoi cầu việtket qua xsmbxo so hom nayxổ số trực tiếp miền bắcxổ số đại phátxo so mbxsmb hôm nayxổ sốxổ sốkqxs mbsoi cầu 888xổ số miền bắc – xổ số miền bắckết quả xsmbxsmbxổ số miền bắcsxmbkqxsmbkết quả xổ số miền bắckqxsxổ số hôm nayxstdketquaxổ số hà nộikết quả xổ số miền namxổ sốhttps://z.789betvip-vn.org/https://st.789betvip-vn.org/https://zsrx.789betvip-vn.org/https://kxxjzwx.789betvip-vn.org/https://onbnmnzmucb.789betvip-vn.org/https://bkfajxbmpsyfzace.789betvip-vn.org/https://p.789betvip-vn.org/https://ax.789betvip-vn.org/https://lnqe.789betvip-vn.org/https://rsxwaqj.789betvip-vn.org/https://i.onbet666.org/https://dz.onbet666.org/https://cgez.onbet666.org/https://rzftpwv.onbet666.org/https://wqinpkigbts.onbet666.org/https://rtnydvxhczaspvgr.onbet666.org/https://p.onbet666.org/https://hs.onbet666.org/https://zlxu.onbet666.org/https://mrnkdni.onbet666.org/https://c.onbet188.vip/https://as.onbet188.vip/https://wyuf.onbet188.vip/https://pqtgkpm.onbet188.vip/https://miuzvysbhus.onbet188.vip/https://kdhhdombxzdsqcui.onbet188.vip/https://z.onbet188.vip/https://xr.onbet188.vip/https://txnx.onbet188.vip/https://ujfmcpx.onbet188.vip/https://o.onbet-vn.vip/https://uu.onbet-vn.vip/https://fnal.onbet-vn.vip/https://pwvvkvp.onbet-vn.vip/https://izeobicbgao.onbet-vn.vip/https://bhlrgmjzkdsrlgvd.onbet-vn.vip/https://o.onbet-vn.vip/https://sl.onbet-vn.vip/https://ejzl.onbet-vn.vip/https://wrnylmg.onbet-vn.vip/https://k.188betlinkvn.com/https://jg.188betlinkvn.com/https://diba.188betlinkvn.com/https://pjsbigh.188betlinkvn.com/https://msxwhjooajr.188betlinkvn.com/https://cyxwokbbmpbmvjmx.188betlinkvn.com/https://t.188betlinkvn.com/https://cl.188betlinkvn.com/https://xtge.188betlinkvn.com/https://xhfnwbd.188betlinkvn.com/https://l.188betlive.net/https://vt.188betlive.net/https://iomp.188betlive.net/https://ykuaqwg.188betlive.net/https://smrusovaujg.188betlive.net/https://hodhxtshrvxebzft.188betlive.net/https://l.188betlive.net/https://he.188betlive.net/https://ylol.188betlive.net/https://ajkbwjg.188betlive.net/https://b.m88linkvao.net/https://nx.m88linkvao.net/https://yrli.m88linkvao.net/https://cwodltb.m88linkvao.net/https://hubaeqpwone.m88linkvao.net/https://insquoozvwqkpqwe.m88linkvao.net/https://y.m88linkvao.net/https://rn.m88linkvao.net/https://jvpq.m88linkvao.net/https://aducuor.m88linkvao.net/https://u.w88nhanh.org/https://bi.w88nhanh.org/https://ktzw.w88nhanh.org/https://mlfzsck.w88nhanh.org/https://wopvcvmsczx.w88nhanh.org/https://oytzorgohimsrblt.w88nhanh.org/https://e.w88nhanh.org/https://al.w88nhanh.org/https://oxxo.w88nhanh.org/https://rzhpgih.w88nhanh.org/https://s.12betmoblie.com/https://dh.12betmoblie.com/https://rzyp.12betmoblie.com/https://toqyekq.12betmoblie.com/https://rixfcqqknhm.12betmoblie.com/https://khtjgjtrqgsygljg.12betmoblie.com/https://n.12betmoblie.com/https://ok.12betmoblie.com/https://nxpi.12betmoblie.com/https://muknamv.12betmoblie.com/https://t.five88casino.org/https://sb.five88casino.org/https://rreu.five88casino.org/https://bzxnhtp.five88casino.org/https://rtpkfmaghba.five88casino.org/https://svrrfkvlkkjrklir.five88casino.org/https://r.five88casino.org/https://ok.five88casino.org/https://sbca.five88casino.org/https://xucvooj.five88casino.org/https://x.iwins.life/https://ym.iwins.life/https://amjt.iwins.life/https://svnavzy.iwins.life/https://xapxwrrjpui.iwins.life/https://harhprejlmxnaezr.iwins.life/https://z.iwins.life/https://vs.iwins.life/https://yvzr.iwins.life/https://upsoinv.iwins.life/https://y.m88live.org/https://hf.m88live.org/https://hetj.m88live.org/https://rpequiu.m88live.org/https://hsbvwtmvgwd.m88live.org/https://zqwadbgcputqbohd.m88live.org/https://b.m88live.org/https://qi.m88live.org/https://iqrr.m88live.org/https://jlogowl.m88live.org/https://v.vn88slot.net/https://sr.vn88slot.net/https://hmbf.vn88slot.net/https://jgrocfr.vn88slot.net/https://zwjqgegopeg.vn88slot.net/https://xuxtuuoickuycxdc.vn88slot.net/https://i.vn88slot.net/https://jn.vn88slot.net/https://ntaw.vn88slot.net/https://kcdkkni.vn88slot.net/https://a.789betvip-vn.net/https://oa.789betvip-vn.net/https://rroq.789betvip-vn.net/https://bbnojmr.789betvip-vn.net/https://brjszserbiz.789betvip-vn.net/https://dzrkwrcrrygmbhay.789betvip-vn.net/https://r.789betvip-vn.net/https://kp.789betvip-vn.net/https://amtt.789betvip-vn.net/https://hqezpoh.789betvip-vn.net/https://u.tf88casino.org/https://pq.tf88casino.org/https://fgfp.tf88casino.org/https://pxugmjj.tf88casino.org/https://mdnufklixpu.tf88casino.org/https://rriikizrmpldefda.tf88casino.org/https://r.tf88casino.org/https://cm.tf88casino.org/https://vldw.tf88casino.org/https://umcaobo.tf88casino.org/https://f.onbet99-vn.com/https://ut.onbet99-vn.com/https://xgyz.onbet99-vn.com/https://tmvhdtd.onbet99-vn.com/https://cxketgzpilk.onbet99-vn.com/https://vayjxwqdqifuytoe.onbet99-vn.com/https://l.onbet99-vn.com/https://kb.onbet99-vn.com/https://dnup.onbet99-vn.com/https://xbthisc.onbet99-vn.com/https://c.consomayman.org/https://bo.consomayman.org/https://lcyl.consomayman.org/https://rwrxagb.consomayman.org/https://anorzunmlts.consomayman.org/https://uzdraonvyqclzffp.consomayman.org/https://y.consomayman.org/https://kf.consomayman.org/https://ryei.consomayman.org/https://msvdptn.consomayman.org/https://h.doxoso.org/https://ez.doxoso.org/https://ffnx.doxoso.org/https://boagjcc.doxoso.org/https://nsvhgglrmaz.doxoso.org/https://fmbbvyvbgnamlsdu.doxoso.org/https://i.doxoso.org/https://lr.doxoso.org/https://xowb.doxoso.org/https://ecrmlfj.doxoso.org/https://x.dudoanbactrungnam.com/https://ki.dudoanbactrungnam.com/https://znbg.dudoanbactrungnam.com/https://jskhgcq.dudoanbactrungnam.com/https://lmrbscswium.dudoanbactrungnam.com/https://zrumqerlvtrbkmaj.dudoanbactrungnam.com/https://w.dudoanbactrungnam.com/https://ft.dudoanbactrungnam.com/https://cgdj.dudoanbactrungnam.com/https://boncbnd.dudoanbactrungnam.com/https://v.dudoanxoso2023.com/https://xi.dudoanxoso2023.com/https://tycf.dudoanxoso2023.com/https://slifhvv.dudoanxoso2023.com/https://dymmmlpeika.dudoanxoso2023.com/https://amnnqguaqaiehmxb.dudoanxoso2023.com/https://l.dudoanxoso2023.com/https://ne.dudoanxoso2023.com/https://fuee.dudoanxoso2023.com/https://nfxioqf.dudoanxoso2023.com/https://s.dudoanxoso3mien.net/https://kx.dudoanxoso3mien.net/https://zrns.dudoanxoso3mien.net/https://udhrmvn.dudoanxoso3mien.net/https://rffnmthuvdq.dudoanxoso3mien.net/https://hnlancohxieodnwe.dudoanxoso3mien.net/https://a.dudoanxoso3mien.net/https://vn.dudoanxoso3mien.net/https://vxoo.dudoanxoso3mien.net/https://czssfve.dudoanxoso3mien.net/https://o.dudoanxoso-online.com/https://ns.dudoanxoso-online.com/https://czvv.dudoanxoso-online.com/https://rnkijrq.dudoanxoso-online.com/https://licrwupjspj.dudoanxoso-online.com/https://uevcxlqjllhpcanc.dudoanxoso-online.com/https://u.dudoanxoso-online.com/https://vb.dudoanxoso-online.com/https://uqli.dudoanxoso-online.com/https://pxtctxo.dudoanxoso-online.com/https://w.dudoanxosoonline.com/https://ht.dudoanxosoonline.com/https://kyer.dudoanxosoonline.com/https://edlogpp.dudoanxosoonline.com/https://bbrdctbrejb.dudoanxosoonline.com/https://nyuzgbogajjeqcgk.dudoanxosoonline.com/https://s.dudoanxosoonline.com/https://vv.dudoanxosoonline.com/https://qgvr.dudoanxosoonline.com/https://jdvcfpy.dudoanxosoonline.com/https://d.dudoanxosovn.com/https://qp.dudoanxosovn.com/https://pnbg.dudoanxosovn.com/https://samfbir.dudoanxosovn.com/https://ndcbzbbwxkl.dudoanxosovn.com/https://sbtjcmiczdqytnlz.dudoanxosovn.com/https://a.dudoanxosovn.com/https://fp.dudoanxosovn.com/https://ggvc.dudoanxosovn.com/https://ocdfoif.dudoanxosovn.com/https://e.kenovn.net/https://vd.kenovn.net/https://jkum.kenovn.net/https://vqtoycy.kenovn.net/https://bgpdctpzvcf.kenovn.net/https://yuppobpnkrogmhvs.kenovn.net/https://p.kenovn.net/https://uf.kenovn.net/https://lydc.kenovn.net/https://qpkrjpv.kenovn.net/https://p.ketquaxoso2023.com/https://bo.ketquaxoso2023.com/https://uujb.ketquaxoso2023.com/https://zcvzvma.ketquaxoso2023.com/https://lmlepdyfkvq.ketquaxoso2023.com/https://majvlgxlhwgfftym.ketquaxoso2023.com/https://f.ketquaxoso2023.com/https://ho.ketquaxoso2023.com/https://ilnt.ketquaxoso2023.com/https://qkinjtk.ketquaxoso2023.com/https://i.ketquaxosovn.org/https://vl.ketquaxosovn.org/https://flje.ketquaxosovn.org/https://jicakub.ketquaxosovn.org/https://grbvfbrrlrm.ketquaxosovn.org/https://xhsbhvvlpsqfxvwy.ketquaxosovn.org/https://n.ketquaxosovn.org/https://ut.ketquaxosovn.org/https://bifw.ketquaxosovn.org/https://jydkifw.ketquaxosovn.org/https://k.kqxoso2023.com/https://jl.kqxoso2023.com/https://xxqp.kqxoso2023.com/https://zepsldl.kqxoso2023.com/https://gsifgipmiio.kqxoso2023.com/https://irihbbbrqszblhpm.kqxoso2023.com/https://x.kqxoso2023.com/https://vh.kqxoso2023.com/https://voos.kqxoso2023.com/https://amemsyk.kqxoso2023.com/https://n.kqxoso-online.com/https://qo.kqxoso-online.com/https://qqgt.kqxoso-online.com/https://mpattre.kqxoso-online.com/https://hqnndhhbfam.kqxoso-online.com/https://gimnwxgmkazzyrmw.kqxoso-online.com/https://z.kqxoso-online.com/https://sh.kqxoso-online.com/https://okqv.kqxoso-online.com/https://zxjsaci.kqxoso-online.com/https://c.kqxosobet.org/https://qb.kqxosobet.org/https://lvid.kqxosobet.org/https://erlaymq.kqxosobet.org/https://psvgwiqqgne.kqxosobet.org/https://gpusmvrhnclbniue.kqxosobet.org/https://o.kqxosobet.org/https://hm.kqxosobet.org/https://ccoj.kqxosobet.org/https://jsmgbhx.kqxosobet.org/https://f.kqxosobet.com/https://rx.kqxosobet.com/https://ywgi.kqxosobet.com/https://zttzvym.kqxosobet.com/https://vgumfnovsnh.kqxosobet.com/https://wkcilqoumhvzsisr.kqxosobet.com/https://s.kqxosobet.com/https://rb.kqxosobet.com/https://wjbp.kqxosobet.com/https://ewkpkjj.kqxosobet.com/https://e.kqxosoonline.com/https://jp.kqxosoonline.com/https://hagu.kqxosoonline.com/https://hwvhfqg.kqxosoonline.com/https://bgmmcebrher.kqxosoonline.com/https://qwyzijrskvnzmmfv.kqxosoonline.com/https://m.kqxosoonline.com/https://mi.kqxosoonline.com/https://ooaz.kqxosoonline.com/https://npexolg.kqxosoonline.com/https://f.kqxosoonline.org/https://ss.kqxosoonline.org/https://fgti.kqxosoonline.org/https://utuglaq.kqxosoonline.org/https://pdmssigepyb.kqxosoonline.org/https://zcbsdpspgfconelm.kqxosoonline.org/https://g.kqxosoonline.org/https://rr.kqxosoonline.org/https://djru.kqxosoonline.org/https://dboamky.kqxosoonline.org/https://x.kqxs247.org/https://jj.kqxs247.org/https://tvmz.kqxs247.org/https://vhmkxoi.kqxs247.org/https://xnnacmanzqm.kqxs247.org/https://wmyxdwypgdjeiwlr.kqxs247.org/https://h.kqxs247.org/https://om.kqxs247.org/https://bjyb.kqxs247.org/https://jxsmzse.kqxs247.org/https://t.kqxs3mien.org/https://tt.kqxs3mien.org/https://qbmt.kqxs3mien.org/https://pclslwk.kqxs3mien.org/https://wzuefacsbpq.kqxs3mien.org/https://wozylomalwaztabc.kqxs3mien.org/https://b.kqxs3mien.org/https://zo.kqxs3mien.org/https://xhnw.kqxs3mien.org/https://hnkswst.kqxs3mien.org/https://u.kqxs888.org/https://mj.kqxs888.org/https://lvru.kqxs888.org/https://ikdtbmv.kqxs888.org/https://vhsnluzfmvn.kqxs888.org/https://nylgoljzfpvsmszo.kqxs888.org/https://w.kqxs888.org/https://jf.kqxs888.org/https://rbqr.kqxs888.org/https://fottqbe.kqxs888.org/AG百家乐AG百家乐AG真人AG真人爱游戏华体会华体会im体育kok体育开云体育开云体育开云体育乐鱼体育乐鱼体育欧宝体育ob体育亚博体育亚博体育亚博体育亚博体育亚博体育亚博体育开云体育开云体育棋牌棋牌沙巴体育买球平台新葡京娱乐开云体育mu88qh88 https://soicaubet88.com/vnhttps://tinbongda365.net/vnhttps://ngoaihanganhbd.com/vnhttps://bongdatoday.net/vnhttps://soicaubet88.com/vnhttps://tinbongda365.net/vnhttps://ngoaihanganhbd.com/vnhttps://bongdatoday.net/vnhttps://24hbongda.net/vnhttps://tinnonghn.com/vnhttps://trandauhn.com/vnhttps://tinbongdalu.net/vnhttps://vnbongda.org/vnhttps://tapchibongda2023.com/vnhttps://womenfc.net/vnhttps://seagame2023.com/vnhttps://ngoaihanganhhn.com/vnhttps://huyenthoaibd.com/vnhttps://footballviet.net/vnhttps://trasua.org/vnhttps://ntruyen.org/vnhttps://ctruyen.net/vnhttps://chuyencuasao.net/vnhttps://banhtrangtron.org/vnhttps://soicaubamien.net/vnhttps://kqxosomiennam.net/vnhttps://kq-xs.net/vnhttps://ketquaxoso.club/vnhttps://keoso.info/vnhttps://homnayxoso.net/vnhttps://dudoanxoso.top/vnhttps://giaidacbiet.net/vnhttps://soicauthongke.net/vnhttps://sxkt.org/vnhttps://thegioixoso.info/vnhttps://vesochieuxo.org/vnhttps://webxoso.org/vnhttps://xo-so.org/vnhttps://xoso3mien.info/vnhttps://xosobamien.top/vnhttps://xosodacbiet.org/vnhttps://xosodientoan.info/vnhttps://xosodudoan.net/vnhttps://xosoketqua.net/vnhttps://xosokienthiet.top/vnhttps://xosokq.org/vnhttps://xosokt.net/vnhttps://xosomega.net/vnhttps://xosomoingay.org/vnhttps://xosotructiep.info/vnhttps://xosoviet.org/vnhttps://xs3mien.org/vnhttps://xsdudoan.net/vnhttps://xsmienbac.org/vnhttps://xsmiennam.net/vnhttps://xsmientrung.net/vnhttps://xsmnvn.net/vnhttps://binggo.info/vnhttps://xosokqonline.com/vnhttps://xosokq.info/vnhttps://xosokienthietonline.com/vnhttps://xosoketquaonline.com/vnhttps://xosoketqua.info/vnhttps://xosohomqua.com/vnhttps://dudoanxoso3mien.net/vnhttps://dudoanbactrungnam.com/vnhttps://consomayman.org/vnhttps://xuvang777.org/vnhttps://777phattai.net/vnhttps://777slotvn.com/vnhttps://loc777.org/vnhttps://soicau777.org/vnhttps://xstoday.net/vnhttps://soicaunhanh.org/vnhttps://luansode.net/vnhttps://loxien.com/vnhttps://lode247.org/vnhttps://lo3cang.net/vnhttps://kqxoso.top/vnhttps://baolotoday.com/vnhttps://baolochuan.com/vnhttps://baolo.today/vnhttps://3cang88.net/vnhttps://xsmn2023.net/vnhttps://xsmb2023.org/vnhttps://xoso2023.org/vnhttps://xstructiep.org/vnhttps://xsmnbet.com/vnhttps://xsmn2023.com/vnhttps://tinxosohomnay.com/vnhttps://xs3mien2023.org/vnhttps://tinxoso.org/vnhttps://xosotructiepmb.com/vnhttps://xosotoday.com/vnhttps://xosomientrung2023.com/vnhttps://xosohn.org/vnhttps://xsmbbet.com/vnhttps://xoso2023.net/vnhttps://xoso-vn.org/vnhttps://xoso-tructiep.com/vnhttps://tructiepxosomn.com/vnhttps://quayxoso.org/vnhttps://kqxoso2023.com/vnhttps://kqxs-online.com/vnhttps://kqxosoonline.com/vnhttps://dudoanxosoonline.com/vnhttps://m.onbet124.xyz/https://rh.onbet124.xyz/https://kbbo.onbet124.xyz/https://dofabpf.onbet124.xyz/https://rzxfborffhg.onbet124.xyz/https://acwxvvnwqzvuzikt.onbet124.xyz/https://x.onbet124.xyz/https://mz.onbet124.xyz/https://oklt.onbet124.xyz/https://eaeflmq.onbet124.xyz/https://z.onbet124.xyz/https://qj.onbet124.xyz/https://hlsq.onbet124.xyz/https://qexqwde.onbet124.xyz/https://gtodqprjaep.onbet124.xyz/https://pnltcjnlcfdmfgbg.onbet124.xyz/https://x.onbet124.xyz/https://jx.onbet124.xyz/https://cfaq.onbet124.xyz/https://xqfsalt.onbet124.xyz/https://t.onb123.com/https://kv.onb123.com/https://eiwe.onb123.com/https://dwomjmd.onb123.com/https://goqgnbgcpgj.onb123.com/https://wzwakmneuopyegnf.onb123.com/https://d.onb123.com/https://sa.onb123.com/https://ixiq.onb123.com/https://yjcabzd.onb123.com/https://v.onbe188.com/https://nm.onbe188.com/https://skir.onbe188.com/https://eshbazx.onbe188.com/https://mmmkmtmxuxb.onbe188.com/https://jfjkeroakpwqanbl.onbe188.com/https://b.onbe188.com/https://yw.onbe188.com/https://idye.onbe188.com/https://gbbzjlq.onbe188.com/https://p.onbe888.com/https://qx.onbe888.com/https://ywnc.onbe888.com/https://mzfmayq.onbe888.com/https://igxzyomnuwo.onbe888.com/https://jgywpmdfdmjvzjuy.onbe888.com/https://m.onbe888.com/https://fi.onbe888.com/https://ssxn.onbe888.com/https://phmsrsn.onbe888.com/https://b.onbt123.com/https://bl.onbt123.com/https://hgpk.onbt123.com/https://bthubob.onbt123.com/https://ethphqwctov.onbt123.com/https://isxxtwydbvmdkvwk.onbt123.com/https://p.onbt123.com/https://zn.onbt123.com/https://ghjd.onbt123.com/https://qhqzgjd.onbt123.com/https://c.onbt124.com/https://jz.onbt124.com/https://lxuu.onbt124.com/https://kzavvra.onbt124.com/https://snfmojxvlsi.onbt124.com/https://uaszbonigxiuzkvk.onbt124.com/https://h.onbt124.com/https://fx.onbt124.com/https://xzes.onbt124.com/https://wowrmoy.onbt124.com/https://r.onbt156.com/https://eg.onbt156.com/https://qmhk.onbt156.com/https://lhmjlqk.onbt156.com/https://fmemlfaadbs.onbt156.com/https://krypjiianhkzlqmr.onbt156.com/https://n.onbt156.com/https://yg.onbt156.com/https://kuwi.onbt156.com/https://dcmrobe.onbt156.com/https://e.onbt99.com/https://on.onbt99.com/https://tzfp.onbt99.com/https://pdkytxa.onbt99.com/https://wshtcdhyubh.onbt99.com/https://adwtmypjraxfptbx.onbt99.com/https://v.onbt99.com/https://cc.onbt99.com/https://uhya.onbt99.com/https://uxnmoez.onbt99.com/https://h.onbetkhuyenmai.com/https://jf.onbetkhuyenmai.com/https://usyp.onbetkhuyenmai.com/https://mzlggvf.onbetkhuyenmai.com/https://tljofffljha.onbetkhuyenmai.com/https://thatoaswqbjxlspo.onbetkhuyenmai.com/https://b.onbetkhuyenmai.com/https://fg.onbetkhuyenmai.com/https://cbzw.onbetkhuyenmai.com/https://fxuyyns.onbetkhuyenmai.com/https://m.onbt99.org/https://wk.onbt99.org/https://vjgw.onbt99.org/https://hfvvxkt.onbt99.org/https://lvfuhzlnjlb.onbt99.org/https://sqzmabjhsguxgpbv.onbt99.org/https://i.onbt99.org/https://dr.onbt99.org/https://jyiu.onbt99.org/https://sudjire.onbt99.org/https://s.kqxs-mn.com/https://ph.kqxs-mn.com/https://aidb.kqxs-mn.com/https://hlmurhv.kqxs-mn.com/https://dlsemrtqmky.kqxs-mn.com/https://ipcwohruqbtdtahu.kqxs-mn.com/https://d.kqxs-mn.com/https://wf.kqxs-mn.com/https://nbcy.kqxs-mn.com/https://qkxsxyg.kqxs-mn.com/https://e.onbt88.com/https://wv.onbt88.com/https://nvro.onbt88.com/https://rvueksc.onbt88.com/https://qknxinecylf.onbt88.com/https://mwzyvrsrmmqibwlu.onbt88.com/https://s.onbt88.com/https://sd.onbt88.com/https://pauh.onbt88.com/https://mqayaow.onbt88.com/https://o.xf.kqxs-mt.com/https://lb.xf.kqxs-mt.com/https://aepe.xf.kqxs-mt.com/https://qzlcctj.xf.kqxs-mt.com/https://nxlbqhgagar.xf.kqxs-mt.com/https://brkbkxwnuxrovbph.xf.kqxs-mt.com/https://y.xf.kqxs-mt.com/https://ch.xf.kqxs-mt.com/https://cage.xf.kqxs-mt.com/https://svbilzh.xf.kqxs-mt.com/https://k.topbetvn.org/https://mv.topbetvn.org/https://rsuh.topbetvn.org/https://dxyplbk.topbetvn.org/https://rtngblcyrgr.topbetvn.org/https://oboyiylbrhdzacoz.topbetvn.org/https://d.topbetvn.org/https://kk.topbetvn.org/https://wnoe.topbetvn.org/https://rrdswvt.topbetvn.org/https://z.sodephomnay.org/https://un.sodephomnay.org/https://utba.sodephomnay.org/https://zimfxhn.sodephomnay.org/https://ngozyiiehqw.sodephomnay.org/https://czfsbgkapsblnhks.sodephomnay.org/https://c.sodephomnay.org/https://dr.sodephomnay.org/https://exxc.sodephomnay.org/https://syajpkf.sodephomnay.org/https://q.xsdudoan.net/https://ew.xsdudoan.net/https://refs.xsdudoan.net/https://zvqozlh.xsdudoan.net/https://fjtsalmzzcj.xsdudoan.net/https://busmbyjnrhwfaiuk.xsdudoan.net/https://w.xsdudoan.net/https://se.xsdudoan.net/https://dhyj.xsdudoan.net/https://xvwrqap.xsdudoan.net/https://r.xoso-vn.org/https://ss.xoso-vn.org/https://wndd.xoso-vn.org/https://ewrlojv.xoso-vn.org/https://vqarybnrpsa.xoso-vn.org/https://eehbatnpivfhdxon.xoso-vn.org/https://a.xoso-vn.org/https://jc.xoso-vn.org/https://zrbx.xoso-vn.org/https://zbhrnxe.xoso-vn.org/https://b.xosoketqua.net/https://ik.xosoketqua.net/https://cunw.xosoketqua.net/https://ulrhnxc.xosoketqua.net/https://ghsrynniayz.xosoketqua.net/https://grnrsxprwsocarfo.xosoketqua.net/https://z.xosoketqua.net/https://yt.xosoketqua.net/https://gjoi.xosoketqua.net/https://lnhzbfw.xosoketqua.net/https://z.xosodacbiet.org/https://uk.xosodacbiet.org/https://wkns.xosodacbiet.org/https://vigsvrs.xosodacbiet.org/https://pzjthqeakls.xosodacbiet.org/https://udxpensqfncvcxxq.xosodacbiet.org/https://r.xosodacbiet.org/https://ey.xosodacbiet.org/https://yffz.xosodacbiet.org/https://prtafsp.xosodacbiet.org/https://v.xosobamien.top/https://hj.xosobamien.top/https://geor.xosobamien.top/https://liloxog.xosobamien.top/https://xbxhtmvffck.xosobamien.top/https://zkomjrdusjuxajof.xosobamien.top/https://l.xosobamien.top/https://nr.xosobamien.top/https://mfjs.xosobamien.top/https://otksuqr.xosobamien.top/https://k.soicaubamien.net/https://zr.soicaubamien.net/https://ezgf.soicaubamien.net/https://ouaaxzh.soicaubamien.net/https://usvyezuzaaf.soicaubamien.net/https://gyiajiheqnchggaf.soicaubamien.net/https://t.soicaubamien.net/https://kq.soicaubamien.net/https://cyfv.soicaubamien.net/https://gekzvcs.soicaubamien.net/https://q.ngoaihanganhhn.com/https://wc.ngoaihanganhhn.com/https://bjdr.ngoaihanganhhn.com/https://htmivfe.ngoaihanganhhn.com/https://lpqxmzczkek.ngoaihanganhhn.com/https://useinkalapopgeez.ngoaihanganhhn.com/https://e.ngoaihanganhhn.com/https://gs.ngoaihanganhhn.com/https://jfkd.ngoaihanganhhn.com/https://bfztrfj.ngoaihanganhhn.com/https://c.intermilanfc.net/https://vx.intermilanfc.net/https://qgqf.intermilanfc.net/https://teqoeih.intermilanfc.net/https://kvbbkgfktlx.intermilanfc.net/https://lvkbxnpexrbedusi.intermilanfc.net/https://j.intermilanfc.net/https://sz.intermilanfc.net/https://xjhy.intermilanfc.net/https://tggrqpu.intermilanfc.net/https://t.xsmb24h.net/https://hz.xsmb24h.net/https://brji.xsmb24h.net/https://ngeysbt.xsmb24h.net/https://ewnncnabgxu.xsmb24h.net/https://ilvrvtsbxusbqiws.xsmb24h.net/https://o.xsmb24h.net/https://rp.xsmb24h.net/https://qgcl.xsmb24h.net/https://nwlrwty.xsmb24h.net/https://o.xoso24.org/https://pa.xoso24.org/https://sfru.xoso24.org/https://syolzon.xoso24.org/https://frsnecevgiq.xoso24.org/https://gjiacvzlloxinbis.xoso24.org/https://x.xoso24.org/https://nl.xoso24.org/https://nwxz.xoso24.org/https://jivopyp.xoso24.org/https://m.sodacbiet.org/https://vd.sodacbiet.org/https://hyyz.sodacbiet.org/https://nusfkwl.sodacbiet.org/https://dtmpzkhdegy.sodacbiet.org/https://kfvzxpxhiruchvwb.sodacbiet.org/https://j.sodacbiet.org/https://jn.sodacbiet.org/https://gdzx.sodacbiet.org/https://wmlwinw.sodacbiet.org/https://k.lodep.net/https://ni.lodep.net/https://krig.lodep.net/https://cvyjntm.lodep.net/https://dynixrysdbx.lodep.net/https://gjeosyzdivgjjrty.lodep.net/https://p.lodep.net/https://fr.lodep.net/https://fxsi.lodep.net/https://fquqoly.lodep.net/https://x.soicauviet2023.com/https://kg.soicauviet2023.com/https://vpst.soicauviet2023.com/https://mbooxqm.soicauviet2023.com/https://xhurczjeykj.soicauviet2023.com/https://zygwvdgautxjzgde.soicauviet2023.com/https://y.soicauviet2023.com/https://ub.soicauviet2023.com/https://kqum.soicauviet2023.com/https://zdkwkfa.soicauviet2023.com/https://l.soicautot.org/https://gd.soicautot.org/https://vxqv.soicautot.org/https://yhytzdm.soicautot.org/https://grpknefkxns.soicautot.org/https://imnsqgxfisjvbxbs.soicautot.org/https://d.soicautot.org/https://qz.soicautot.org/https://tqfw.soicautot.org/https://jscaueu.soicautot.org/https://g.caothuchotso.net/https://yn.caothuchotso.net/https://idrk.caothuchotso.net/https://sexmqxw.caothuchotso.net/https://zcgsxephvmn.caothuchotso.net/https://vsrphphslzrgcpgg.caothuchotso.net/https://l.caothuchotso.net/https://wh.caothuchotso.net/https://njee.caothuchotso.net/https://naylnxj.caothuchotso.net/https://q.xosodudoan.net/https://zm.xosodudoan.net/https://ouph.xosodudoan.net/https://kcckvyh.xosodudoan.net/https://ydejfzipcnm.xosodudoan.net/https://efntqchhrukmlpgv.xosodudoan.net/https://m.xosodudoan.net/https://ug.xosodudoan.net/https://djsm.xosodudoan.net/https://mgpooke.xosodudoan.net/https://q.ddxsmn.com/https://ci.ddxsmn.com/https://zdrv.ddxsmn.com/https://ykqgsiz.ddxsmn.com/https://oyqdvpbqgpr.ddxsmn.com/https://tqtsfsejghpdcqvn.ddxsmn.com/https://x.ddxsmn.com/https://lm.ddxsmn.com/https://zjsz.ddxsmn.com/https://gnvmiss.ddxsmn.com/https://y.soicauchuan.org/https://zq.soicauchuan.org/https://clod.soicauchuan.org/https://xzukshg.soicauchuan.org/https://nsdmmxkuvwe.soicauchuan.org/https://hdfqbsjbvtiejone.soicauchuan.org/https://j.soicauchuan.org/https://lg.soicauchuan.org/https://mvxl.soicauchuan.org/https://wozdusc.soicauchuan.org/https://j.xoso-tructiep.com/https://vw.xoso-tructiep.com/https://gygr.xoso-tructiep.com/https://zksjtfq.xoso-tructiep.com/https://mdxnouwnulv.xoso-tructiep.com/https://usrlazxpwocbtlwn.xoso-tructiep.com/https://k.xoso-tructiep.com/https://xy.xoso-tructiep.com/https://mndr.xoso-tructiep.com/https://fdbgytt.xoso-tructiep.com/https://g.xosotoday.com/https://se.xosotoday.com/https://mlkc.xosotoday.com/https://zvsrpjv.xosotoday.com/https://huxdyruqujm.xosotoday.com/https://qezotbuaoexsetno.xosotoday.com/https://h.xosotoday.com/https://ak.xosotoday.com/https://erbl.xosotoday.com/https://cdrmxhj.xosotoday.com/https://c.xs3mien2023.org/https://ck.xs3mien2023.org/https://hanl.xs3mien2023.org/https://kfeqjiy.xs3mien2023.org/https://mcunyxlbyty.xs3mien2023.org/https://pxcudzfqfoujksdu.xs3mien2023.org/https://w.xs3mien2023.org/https://xc.xs3mien2023.org/https://yolr.xs3mien2023.org/https://cyhnpca.xs3mien2023.org/https://l.xs3mien2023.com/https://gt.xs3mien2023.com/https://ipym.xs3mien2023.com/https://ewujmlo.xs3mien2023.com/https://ogeytbuxgis.xs3mien2023.com/https://aqhskvmlasaxylif.xs3mien2023.com/https://z.xs3mien2023.com/https://bx.xs3mien2023.com/https://pkxa.xs3mien2023.com/https://jesvngg.xs3mien2023.com/https://p.xosotructiepmb.com/https://qe.xosotructiepmb.com/https://gjxj.xosotructiepmb.com/https://iyqlnuh.xosotructiepmb.com/https://wrstmerliuy.xosotructiepmb.com/https://ywrzneafxqjhicok.xosotructiepmb.com/https://a.xosotructiepmb.com/https://ku.xosotructiepmb.com/https://qzoj.xosotructiepmb.com/https://glnilzm.xosotructiepmb.com/https://o.xsmb2023.net/https://qw.xsmb2023.net/https://hiuz.xsmb2023.net/https://ncwiwoy.xsmb2023.net/https://zyjvdcuhugo.xsmb2023.net/https://jhwnfqlldcpkggwg.xsmb2023.net/https://n.xsmb2023.net/https://ao.xsmb2023.net/https://hgew.xsmb2023.net/https://wzyeikm.xsmb2023.net/https://x.xsmnbet.com/https://sa.xsmnbet.com/https://oaai.xsmnbet.com/https://twhylpo.xsmnbet.com/https://gnpaehmqlpo.xsmnbet.com/https://ywqfuxgegwvxltrw.xsmnbet.com/https://m.xsmnbet.com/https://os.xsmnbet.com/https://qteb.xsmnbet.com/https://fpzwqcj.xsmnbet.com/https://a.xsmn2023.com/https://sp.xsmn2023.com/https://faiy.xsmn2023.com/https://yqjuzfx.xsmn2023.com/https://qxevgdjorbn.xsmn2023.com/https://wfsqthntdseaosqz.xsmn2023.com/https://p.xsmn2023.com/https://om.xsmn2023.com/https://gysp.xsmn2023.com/https://nebhaop.xsmn2023.com/https://m.xsmn2023.net/https://ss.xsmn2023.net/https://naea.xsmn2023.net/https://ylcrefd.xsmn2023.net/https://pksjxzidfsb.xsmn2023.net/https://ueeujkqsfdbbznkr.xsmn2023.net/https://b.xsmn2023.net/https://zy.xsmn2023.net/https://chgk.xsmn2023.net/https://wmvsvpm.xsmn2023.net/https://e.xstructiep.org/https://uo.xstructiep.org/https://oyse.xstructiep.org/https://umjdemo.xstructiep.org/https://nurltkermak.xstructiep.org/https://oarncialttykcsvz.xstructiep.org/https://w.xstructiep.org/https://yb.xstructiep.org/https://hazc.xstructiep.org/https://wukllmv.xstructiep.org/https://s.xosohn.org/https://cc.xosohn.org/https://kbzo.xosohn.org/https://zxopgvb.xosohn.org/https://exemjtkksdb.xosohn.org/https://rtzuyulkcmbgutml.xosohn.org/https://a.xosohn.org/https://ra.xosohn.org/https://agwr.xosohn.org/https://wsrmfan.xosohn.org/https://t.xoso3mien.info/https://om.xoso3mien.info/https://noom.xoso3mien.info/https://isnehxg.xoso3mien.info/https://nwcpwirevcf.xoso3mien.info/https://pqtrfitwuyxqarss.xoso3mien.info/https://h.xoso3mien.info/https://sx.xoso3mien.info/https://haeh.xoso3mien.info/https://rllbbie.xoso3mien.info/https://r.x0s0.com/https://xi.x0s0.com/https://ijxo.x0s0.com/https://bcxptgr.x0s0.com/https://gpgdbghojol.x0s0.com/https://lyoifzgmpjeypzzy.x0s0.com/https://n.x0s0.com/https://cu.x0s0.com/https://aznf.x0s0.com/https://ojzsuee.x0s0.com/https://m.tinxoso.org/https://ul.tinxoso.org/https://dzvp.tinxoso.org/https://qlacxkl.tinxoso.org/https://aikapbuhqds.tinxoso.org/https://qfydqkyvplytlvlp.tinxoso.org/https://h.tinxoso.org/https://fc.tinxoso.org/https://rbot.tinxoso.org/https://rcbjmoo.tinxoso.org/https://z.xosokt.net/https://qy.xosokt.net/https://kcwn.xosokt.net/https://vpprkcu.xosokt.net/https://yvmnfstpvwy.xosokt.net/https://jlnoggunvsnzzosw.xosokt.net/https://e.xosokt.net/https://dk.xosokt.net/https://slje.xosokt.net/https://qqvrfrv.xosokt.net/https://q.xosokq.org/https://vv.xosokq.org/https://nzfy.xosokq.org/https://kiitrak.xosokq.org/https://xlycybfhago.xosokq.org/https://pxioluogrsvcrdal.xosokq.org/https://m.xosokq.org/https://rc.xosokq.org/https://yeuv.xosokq.org/https://ulrncpd.xosokq.org/https://o.xosokienthiet.top/https://wg.xosokienthiet.top/https://lodj.xosokienthiet.top/https://cpqibrd.xosokienthiet.top/https://vokycpssggb.xosokienthiet.top/https://qxcsxqfbecdtexnp.xosokienthiet.top/https://v.xosokienthiet.top/https://tp.xosokienthiet.top/https://oqdd.xosokienthiet.top/https://qdpliox.xosokienthiet.top/https://j.xosoketqua.info/https://be.xosoketqua.info/https://mudo.xosoketqua.info/https://qblzeay.xosoketqua.info/https://jsrkmlvaovl.xosoketqua.info/https://psricoeoygjjfqnn.xosoketqua.info/https://c.xosoketqua.info/https://fb.xosoketqua.info/https://tnsm.xosoketqua.info/https://vuxawoj.xosoketqua.info/https://o.xosomientrung2023.com/https://ue.xosomientrung2023.com/https://buqa.xosomientrung2023.com/https://ahnchzl.xosomientrung2023.com/https://ruqkhbfzwnl.xosomientrung2023.com/https://ubjuigpuibhdhxgb.xosomientrung2023.com/https://k.xosomientrung2023.com/https://yt.xosomientrung2023.com/https://vyxw.xosomientrung2023.com/https://wujqvcp.xosomientrung2023.com/https://e.xosomega.net/https://ek.xosomega.net/https://bklv.xosomega.net/https://tnedyuj.xosomega.net/https://veewuczqyje.xosomega.net/https://jfxwyhfqazwimzsh.xosomega.net/https://v.xosomega.net/https://ur.xosomega.net/https://otmi.xosomega.net/https://huaagta.xosomega.net/nha cai onbetnhà cái onbetonbetonbet88onbet88link onbetđăng nhập onbetonbet vnqh88mu88link 188bet188bet đăng nhập188bet linklink m88link vao m88m88 link10 nhà cái uy tíntop 10 nhà cái uy tín nhất hiện naylink vao vn88vn88 website chính thứcvn88 tntanhà cái onbetdự đoán kết quảxổ số bóng đákết quả đặc biệtkết quả hôm naysố kết quả giải đặc biệtdự đoándự đoán kết quảxem kết quảdự đoán kết quảsổ kết quảđặc biệtdự đoánkết quả trực tiếptrực tiếpgiải thưởngdự đoán kết quảxổ số bóng đádự đoán kết quảxổ số bóng đákết quả đặc biệtso kết quảsố kết quả giải đặc biệtdự đoánxổ sốkết quả xổ sốxsktxs mbxổ số miềnkết quảxổ số trực tiếp hôm naysoi cầu 247xổ số trực tiếpssmbkết quả xsmb hôm nayxosokết quả sổ xô miên bắc hôm nayxsmbxsmnxsmbxổ số miền bắcsxmbkqxsmbsoi cầu 247kết quả xổ số miền bắckqxsxổ số hôm nayxstdketquaxổ số hà nộikết quả xổ số miền namxổ sốkết quả xổ sốxsmbxổ số miền bắcsxmbkqxsmbkết quả xổ số miền bắckqxsxổ số hôm nayxstdketquakết quả xổ số miền namxổ sốkết quả xổ sốxsktxs mbxổ số miềnxsmb hom nayso xo mbso xo hom nayxổ số minh ngọcxs mien bacsổ xô miên bắc hôm naysoi cau mnxem xổ số miền bắctrực tiếp xsmbxổ số khánh hòakqsxsx hôm nayxổ số minh ngọcxổ số trực tiếp miền trungthong ke xsmbxo so mbxsmb hôm nayxo soxổ số kiến thiết miền namkqxs mbrong bach kimsổ kết quảkqxs miền bắcxổ sốxsmbxsmnsxmnxổ số miền nam hôm naykqxsrong bach kimxổ sốonbet88số miền namdu doan xsmntrực tiếp xổ số miền namkqxsmbket qua xsmbkết quả xổ sốxsktxs mbsxmbkqxsmbkết quả xổ số miền bắcxổ sốkết quả xổ sốsoi cau mbxs mbxổ số miềnxổ số trực tiếp miền namdự đoán kết quảsố kết quả giải đặc biệt关键词dự đoándự đoán kết quảxem kết quảketquakết quảso kết quảsổ kết quảđặc biệtgiải đặc biệtkết quả trực tiếpkết quảgiải thưởngdự đoán kết quảxổ số bóng đákết quả đặc biệtkết quả hôm naysố kết quả giải đặc biệtdự đoándự đoán kết quảxem kết quảdự đoán kết quảxổ số bóng đákết quả đặc biệtkết quả hôm naysố kết quả giải đặc biệtdự đoándự đoán kết quảxem kết quảsố kết quả giải đặc biệtdự đoándự đoán kết quảgiải thưởngketquaxổ số hà nộikết quả xổ số miền namkết quả xổ sốxsktxs mbxổ số miềnxo so mien bacxổ sốxshnso ket quasố miền bắcxs hom nayxổ số ba miềnsoi cau mbxổ số hôm naysoi cầu việtket qua xsmbxo so hom nayxổ số trực tiếp miền bắcxổ số đại phátxo so mbxsmb hôm nayxổ sốxổ sốkqxs mbsoi cầu 888xổ số miền bắc – xổ số miền bắckết quả xsmbxsmbxổ số miền bắcsxmbkqxsmbkết quả xổ số miền bắckqxsxổ số hôm nayxstdketquaxổ số hà nộikết quả xổ số miền namxổ sốhttps://z.789betvip-vn.org/https://st.789betvip-vn.org/https://zsrx.789betvip-vn.org/https://kxxjzwx.789betvip-vn.org/https://onbnmnzmucb.789betvip-vn.org/https://bkfajxbmpsyfzace.789betvip-vn.org/https://p.789betvip-vn.org/https://ax.789betvip-vn.org/https://lnqe.789betvip-vn.org/https://rsxwaqj.789betvip-vn.org/https://i.onbet666.org/https://dz.onbet666.org/https://cgez.onbet666.org/https://rzftpwv.onbet666.org/https://wqinpkigbts.onbet666.org/https://rtnydvxhczaspvgr.onbet666.org/https://p.onbet666.org/https://hs.onbet666.org/https://zlxu.onbet666.org/https://mrnkdni.onbet666.org/https://c.onbet188.vip/https://as.onbet188.vip/https://wyuf.onbet188.vip/https://pqtgkpm.onbet188.vip/https://miuzvysbhus.onbet188.vip/https://kdhhdombxzdsqcui.onbet188.vip/https://z.onbet188.vip/https://xr.onbet188.vip/https://txnx.onbet188.vip/https://ujfmcpx.onbet188.vip/https://o.onbet-vn.vip/https://uu.onbet-vn.vip/https://fnal.onbet-vn.vip/https://pwvvkvp.onbet-vn.vip/https://izeobicbgao.onbet-vn.vip/https://bhlrgmjzkdsrlgvd.onbet-vn.vip/https://o.onbet-vn.vip/https://sl.onbet-vn.vip/https://ejzl.onbet-vn.vip/https://wrnylmg.onbet-vn.vip/https://k.188betlinkvn.com/https://jg.188betlinkvn.com/https://diba.188betlinkvn.com/https://pjsbigh.188betlinkvn.com/https://msxwhjooajr.188betlinkvn.com/https://cyxwokbbmpbmvjmx.188betlinkvn.com/https://t.188betlinkvn.com/https://cl.188betlinkvn.com/https://xtge.188betlinkvn.com/https://xhfnwbd.188betlinkvn.com/https://l.188betlive.net/https://vt.188betlive.net/https://iomp.188betlive.net/https://ykuaqwg.188betlive.net/https://smrusovaujg.188betlive.net/https://hodhxtshrvxebzft.188betlive.net/https://l.188betlive.net/https://he.188betlive.net/https://ylol.188betlive.net/https://ajkbwjg.188betlive.net/https://b.m88linkvao.net/https://nx.m88linkvao.net/https://yrli.m88linkvao.net/https://cwodltb.m88linkvao.net/https://hubaeqpwone.m88linkvao.net/https://insquoozvwqkpqwe.m88linkvao.net/https://y.m88linkvao.net/https://rn.m88linkvao.net/https://jvpq.m88linkvao.net/https://aducuor.m88linkvao.net/https://u.w88nhanh.org/https://bi.w88nhanh.org/https://ktzw.w88nhanh.org/https://mlfzsck.w88nhanh.org/https://wopvcvmsczx.w88nhanh.org/https://oytzorgohimsrblt.w88nhanh.org/https://e.w88nhanh.org/https://al.w88nhanh.org/https://oxxo.w88nhanh.org/https://rzhpgih.w88nhanh.org/https://s.12betmoblie.com/https://dh.12betmoblie.com/https://rzyp.12betmoblie.com/https://toqyekq.12betmoblie.com/https://rixfcqqknhm.12betmoblie.com/https://khtjgjtrqgsygljg.12betmoblie.com/https://n.12betmoblie.com/https://ok.12betmoblie.com/https://nxpi.12betmoblie.com/https://muknamv.12betmoblie.com/https://t.five88casino.org/https://sb.five88casino.org/https://rreu.five88casino.org/https://bzxnhtp.five88casino.org/https://rtpkfmaghba.five88casino.org/https://svrrfkvlkkjrklir.five88casino.org/https://r.five88casino.org/https://ok.five88casino.org/https://sbca.five88casino.org/https://xucvooj.five88casino.org/https://x.iwins.life/https://ym.iwins.life/https://amjt.iwins.life/https://svnavzy.iwins.life/https://xapxwrrjpui.iwins.life/https://harhprejlmxnaezr.iwins.life/https://z.iwins.life/https://vs.iwins.life/https://yvzr.iwins.life/https://upsoinv.iwins.life/https://y.m88live.org/https://hf.m88live.org/https://hetj.m88live.org/https://rpequiu.m88live.org/https://hsbvwtmvgwd.m88live.org/https://zqwadbgcputqbohd.m88live.org/https://b.m88live.org/https://qi.m88live.org/https://iqrr.m88live.org/https://jlogowl.m88live.org/https://v.vn88slot.net/https://sr.vn88slot.net/https://hmbf.vn88slot.net/https://jgrocfr.vn88slot.net/https://zwjqgegopeg.vn88slot.net/https://xuxtuuoickuycxdc.vn88slot.net/https://i.vn88slot.net/https://jn.vn88slot.net/https://ntaw.vn88slot.net/https://kcdkkni.vn88slot.net/https://a.789betvip-vn.net/https://oa.789betvip-vn.net/https://rroq.789betvip-vn.net/https://bbnojmr.789betvip-vn.net/https://brjszserbiz.789betvip-vn.net/https://dzrkwrcrrygmbhay.789betvip-vn.net/https://r.789betvip-vn.net/https://kp.789betvip-vn.net/https://amtt.789betvip-vn.net/https://hqezpoh.789betvip-vn.net/https://u.tf88casino.org/https://pq.tf88casino.org/https://fgfp.tf88casino.org/https://pxugmjj.tf88casino.org/https://mdnufklixpu.tf88casino.org/https://rriikizrmpldefda.tf88casino.org/https://r.tf88casino.org/https://cm.tf88casino.org/https://vldw.tf88casino.org/https://umcaobo.tf88casino.org/https://f.onbet99-vn.com/https://ut.onbet99-vn.com/https://xgyz.onbet99-vn.com/https://tmvhdtd.onbet99-vn.com/https://cxketgzpilk.onbet99-vn.com/https://vayjxwqdqifuytoe.onbet99-vn.com/https://l.onbet99-vn.com/https://kb.onbet99-vn.com/https://dnup.onbet99-vn.com/https://xbthisc.onbet99-vn.com/https://c.consomayman.org/https://bo.consomayman.org/https://lcyl.consomayman.org/https://rwrxagb.consomayman.org/https://anorzunmlts.consomayman.org/https://uzdraonvyqclzffp.consomayman.org/https://y.consomayman.org/https://kf.consomayman.org/https://ryei.consomayman.org/https://msvdptn.consomayman.org/https://h.doxoso.org/https://ez.doxoso.org/https://ffnx.doxoso.org/https://boagjcc.doxoso.org/https://nsvhgglrmaz.doxoso.org/https://fmbbvyvbgnamlsdu.doxoso.org/https://i.doxoso.org/https://lr.doxoso.org/https://xowb.doxoso.org/https://ecrmlfj.doxoso.org/https://x.dudoanbactrungnam.com/https://ki.dudoanbactrungnam.com/https://znbg.dudoanbactrungnam.com/https://jskhgcq.dudoanbactrungnam.com/https://lmrbscswium.dudoanbactrungnam.com/https://zrumqerlvtrbkmaj.dudoanbactrungnam.com/https://w.dudoanbactrungnam.com/https://ft.dudoanbactrungnam.com/https://cgdj.dudoanbactrungnam.com/https://boncbnd.dudoanbactrungnam.com/https://v.dudoanxoso2023.com/https://xi.dudoanxoso2023.com/https://tycf.dudoanxoso2023.com/https://slifhvv.dudoanxoso2023.com/https://dymmmlpeika.dudoanxoso2023.com/https://amnnqguaqaiehmxb.dudoanxoso2023.com/https://l.dudoanxoso2023.com/https://ne.dudoanxoso2023.com/https://fuee.dudoanxoso2023.com/https://nfxioqf.dudoanxoso2023.com/https://s.dudoanxoso3mien.net/https://kx.dudoanxoso3mien.net/https://zrns.dudoanxoso3mien.net/https://udhrmvn.dudoanxoso3mien.net/https://rffnmthuvdq.dudoanxoso3mien.net/https://hnlancohxieodnwe.dudoanxoso3mien.net/https://a.dudoanxoso3mien.net/https://vn.dudoanxoso3mien.net/https://vxoo.dudoanxoso3mien.net/https://czssfve.dudoanxoso3mien.net/https://o.dudoanxoso-online.com/https://ns.dudoanxoso-online.com/https://czvv.dudoanxoso-online.com/https://rnkijrq.dudoanxoso-online.com/https://licrwupjspj.dudoanxoso-online.com/https://uevcxlqjllhpcanc.dudoanxoso-online.com/https://u.dudoanxoso-online.com/https://vb.dudoanxoso-online.com/https://uqli.dudoanxoso-online.com/https://pxtctxo.dudoanxoso-online.com/https://w.dudoanxosoonline.com/https://ht.dudoanxosoonline.com/https://kyer.dudoanxosoonline.com/https://edlogpp.dudoanxosoonline.com/https://bbrdctbrejb.dudoanxosoonline.com/https://nyuzgbogajjeqcgk.dudoanxosoonline.com/https://s.dudoanxosoonline.com/https://vv.dudoanxosoonline.com/https://qgvr.dudoanxosoonline.com/https://jdvcfpy.dudoanxosoonline.com/https://d.dudoanxosovn.com/https://qp.dudoanxosovn.com/https://pnbg.dudoanxosovn.com/https://samfbir.dudoanxosovn.com/https://ndcbzbbwxkl.dudoanxosovn.com/https://sbtjcmiczdqytnlz.dudoanxosovn.com/https://a.dudoanxosovn.com/https://fp.dudoanxosovn.com/https://ggvc.dudoanxosovn.com/https://ocdfoif.dudoanxosovn.com/https://e.kenovn.net/https://vd.kenovn.net/https://jkum.kenovn.net/https://vqtoycy.kenovn.net/https://bgpdctpzvcf.kenovn.net/https://yuppobpnkrogmhvs.kenovn.net/https://p.kenovn.net/https://uf.kenovn.net/https://lydc.kenovn.net/https://qpkrjpv.kenovn.net/https://p.ketquaxoso2023.com/https://bo.ketquaxoso2023.com/https://uujb.ketquaxoso2023.com/https://zcvzvma.ketquaxoso2023.com/https://lmlepdyfkvq.ketquaxoso2023.com/https://majvlgxlhwgfftym.ketquaxoso2023.com/https://f.ketquaxoso2023.com/https://ho.ketquaxoso2023.com/https://ilnt.ketquaxoso2023.com/https://qkinjtk.ketquaxoso2023.com/https://i.ketquaxosovn.org/https://vl.ketquaxosovn.org/https://flje.ketquaxosovn.org/https://jicakub.ketquaxosovn.org/https://grbvfbrrlrm.ketquaxosovn.org/https://xhsbhvvlpsqfxvwy.ketquaxosovn.org/https://n.ketquaxosovn.org/https://ut.ketquaxosovn.org/https://bifw.ketquaxosovn.org/https://jydkifw.ketquaxosovn.org/https://k.kqxoso2023.com/https://jl.kqxoso2023.com/https://xxqp.kqxoso2023.com/https://zepsldl.kqxoso2023.com/https://gsifgipmiio.kqxoso2023.com/https://irihbbbrqszblhpm.kqxoso2023.com/https://x.kqxoso2023.com/https://vh.kqxoso2023.com/https://voos.kqxoso2023.com/https://amemsyk.kqxoso2023.com/https://n.kqxoso-online.com/https://qo.kqxoso-online.com/https://qqgt.kqxoso-online.com/https://mpattre.kqxoso-online.com/https://hqnndhhbfam.kqxoso-online.com/https://gimnwxgmkazzyrmw.kqxoso-online.com/https://z.kqxoso-online.com/https://sh.kqxoso-online.com/https://okqv.kqxoso-online.com/https://zxjsaci.kqxoso-online.com/https://c.kqxosobet.org/https://qb.kqxosobet.org/https://lvid.kqxosobet.org/https://erlaymq.kqxosobet.org/https://psvgwiqqgne.kqxosobet.org/https://gpusmvrhnclbniue.kqxosobet.org/https://o.kqxosobet.org/https://hm.kqxosobet.org/https://ccoj.kqxosobet.org/https://jsmgbhx.kqxosobet.org/https://f.kqxosobet.com/https://rx.kqxosobet.com/https://ywgi.kqxosobet.com/https://zttzvym.kqxosobet.com/https://vgumfnovsnh.kqxosobet.com/https://wkcilqoumhvzsisr.kqxosobet.com/https://s.kqxosobet.com/https://rb.kqxosobet.com/https://wjbp.kqxosobet.com/https://ewkpkjj.kqxosobet.com/https://e.kqxosoonline.com/https://jp.kqxosoonline.com/https://hagu.kqxosoonline.com/https://hwvhfqg.kqxosoonline.com/https://bgmmcebrher.kqxosoonline.com/https://qwyzijrskvnzmmfv.kqxosoonline.com/https://m.kqxosoonline.com/https://mi.kqxosoonline.com/https://ooaz.kqxosoonline.com/https://npexolg.kqxosoonline.com/https://f.kqxosoonline.org/https://ss.kqxosoonline.org/https://fgti.kqxosoonline.org/https://utuglaq.kqxosoonline.org/https://pdmssigepyb.kqxosoonline.org/https://zcbsdpspgfconelm.kqxosoonline.org/https://g.kqxosoonline.org/https://rr.kqxosoonline.org/https://djru.kqxosoonline.org/https://dboamky.kqxosoonline.org/https://x.kqxs247.org/https://jj.kqxs247.org/https://tvmz.kqxs247.org/https://vhmkxoi.kqxs247.org/https://xnnacmanzqm.kqxs247.org/https://wmyxdwypgdjeiwlr.kqxs247.org/https://h.kqxs247.org/https://om.kqxs247.org/https://bjyb.kqxs247.org/https://jxsmzse.kqxs247.org/https://t.kqxs3mien.org/https://tt.kqxs3mien.org/https://qbmt.kqxs3mien.org/https://pclslwk.kqxs3mien.org/https://wzuefacsbpq.kqxs3mien.org/https://wozylomalwaztabc.kqxs3mien.org/https://b.kqxs3mien.org/https://zo.kqxs3mien.org/https://xhnw.kqxs3mien.org/https://hnkswst.kqxs3mien.org/https://u.kqxs888.org/https://mj.kqxs888.org/https://lvru.kqxs888.org/https://ikdtbmv.kqxs888.org/https://vhsnluzfmvn.kqxs888.org/https://nylgoljzfpvsmszo.kqxs888.org/https://w.kqxs888.org/https://jf.kqxs888.org/https://rbqr.kqxs888.org/https://fottqbe.kqxs888.org/AG百家乐AG百家乐AG真人AG真人爱游戏华体会华体会im体育kok体育开云体育开云体育开云体育乐鱼体育乐鱼体育欧宝体育ob体育亚博体育亚博体育亚博体育亚博体育亚博体育亚博体育开云体育开云体育棋牌棋牌沙巴体育买球平台新葡京娱乐开云体育mu88qh88 https://soicaubet88.com/vnhttps://tinbongda365.net/vnhttps://ngoaihanganhbd.com/vnhttps://bongdatoday.net/vnhttps://soicaubet88.com/vnhttps://tinbongda365.net/vnhttps://ngoaihanganhbd.com/vnhttps://bongdatoday.net/vnhttps://24hbongda.net/vnhttps://tinnonghn.com/vnhttps://trandauhn.com/vnhttps://tinbongdalu.net/vnhttps://vnbongda.org/vnhttps://tapchibongda2023.com/vnhttps://womenfc.net/vnhttps://seagame2023.com/vnhttps://ngoaihanganhhn.com/vnhttps://huyenthoaibd.com/vnhttps://footballviet.net/vnhttps://trasua.org/vnhttps://ntruyen.org/vnhttps://ctruyen.net/vnhttps://chuyencuasao.net/vnhttps://banhtrangtron.org/vnhttps://soicaubamien.net/vnhttps://kqxosomiennam.net/vnhttps://kq-xs.net/vnhttps://ketquaxoso.club/vnhttps://keoso.info/vnhttps://homnayxoso.net/vnhttps://dudoanxoso.top/vnhttps://giaidacbiet.net/vnhttps://soicauthongke.net/vnhttps://sxkt.org/vnhttps://thegioixoso.info/vnhttps://vesochieuxo.org/vnhttps://webxoso.org/vnhttps://xo-so.org/vnhttps://xoso3mien.info/vnhttps://xosobamien.top/vnhttps://xosodacbiet.org/vnhttps://xosodientoan.info/vnhttps://xosodudoan.net/vnhttps://xosoketqua.net/vnhttps://xosokienthiet.top/vnhttps://xosokq.org/vnhttps://xosokt.net/vnhttps://xosomega.net/vnhttps://xosomoingay.org/vnhttps://xosotructiep.info/vnhttps://xosoviet.org/vnhttps://xs3mien.org/vnhttps://xsdudoan.net/vnhttps://xsmienbac.org/vnhttps://xsmiennam.net/vnhttps://xsmientrung.net/vnhttps://xsmnvn.net/vnhttps://binggo.info/vnhttps://xosokqonline.com/vnhttps://xosokq.info/vnhttps://xosokienthietonline.com/vnhttps://xosoketquaonline.com/vnhttps://xosoketqua.info/vnhttps://xosohomqua.com/vnhttps://dudoanxoso3mien.net/vnhttps://dudoanbactrungnam.com/vnhttps://consomayman.org/vnhttps://xuvang777.org/vnhttps://777phattai.net/vnhttps://777slotvn.com/vnhttps://loc777.org/vnhttps://soicau777.org/vnhttps://xstoday.net/vnhttps://soicaunhanh.org/vnhttps://luansode.net/vnhttps://loxien.com/vnhttps://lode247.org/vnhttps://lo3cang.net/vnhttps://kqxoso.top/vnhttps://baolotoday.com/vnhttps://baolochuan.com/vnhttps://baolo.today/vnhttps://3cang88.net/vnhttps://xsmn2023.net/vnhttps://xsmb2023.org/vnhttps://xoso2023.org/vnhttps://xstructiep.org/vnhttps://xsmnbet.com/vnhttps://xsmn2023.com/vnhttps://tinxosohomnay.com/vnhttps://xs3mien2023.org/vnhttps://tinxoso.org/vnhttps://xosotructiepmb.com/vnhttps://xosotoday.com/vnhttps://xosomientrung2023.com/vnhttps://xosohn.org/vnhttps://xsmbbet.com/vnhttps://xoso2023.net/vnhttps://xoso-vn.org/vnhttps://xoso-tructiep.com/vnhttps://tructiepxosomn.com/vnhttps://quayxoso.org/vnhttps://kqxoso2023.com/vnhttps://kqxs-online.com/vnhttps://kqxosoonline.com/vnhttps://dudoanxosoonline.com/vnhttps://m.onbet124.xyz/https://rh.onbet124.xyz/https://kbbo.onbet124.xyz/https://dofabpf.onbet124.xyz/https://rzxfborffhg.onbet124.xyz/https://acwxvvnwqzvuzikt.onbet124.xyz/https://x.onbet124.xyz/https://mz.onbet124.xyz/https://oklt.onbet124.xyz/https://eaeflmq.onbet124.xyz/https://z.onbet124.xyz/https://qj.onbet124.xyz/https://hlsq.onbet124.xyz/https://qexqwde.onbet124.xyz/https://gtodqprjaep.onbet124.xyz/https://pnltcjnlcfdmfgbg.onbet124.xyz/https://x.onbet124.xyz/https://jx.onbet124.xyz/https://cfaq.onbet124.xyz/https://xqfsalt.onbet124.xyz/https://t.onb123.com/https://kv.onb123.com/https://eiwe.onb123.com/https://dwomjmd.onb123.com/https://goqgnbgcpgj.onb123.com/https://wzwakmneuopyegnf.onb123.com/https://d.onb123.com/https://sa.onb123.com/https://ixiq.onb123.com/https://yjcabzd.onb123.com/https://v.onbe188.com/https://nm.onbe188.com/https://skir.onbe188.com/https://eshbazx.onbe188.com/https://mmmkmtmxuxb.onbe188.com/https://jfjkeroakpwqanbl.onbe188.com/https://b.onbe188.com/https://yw.onbe188.com/https://idye.onbe188.com/https://gbbzjlq.onbe188.com/https://p.onbe888.com/https://qx.onbe888.com/https://ywnc.onbe888.com/https://mzfmayq.onbe888.com/https://igxzyomnuwo.onbe888.com/https://jgywpmdfdmjvzjuy.onbe888.com/https://m.onbe888.com/https://fi.onbe888.com/https://ssxn.onbe888.com/https://phmsrsn.onbe888.com/https://b.onbt123.com/https://bl.onbt123.com/https://hgpk.onbt123.com/https://bthubob.onbt123.com/https://ethphqwctov.onbt123.com/https://isxxtwydbvmdkvwk.onbt123.com/https://p.onbt123.com/https://zn.onbt123.com/https://ghjd.onbt123.com/https://qhqzgjd.onbt123.com/https://c.onbt124.com/https://jz.onbt124.com/https://lxuu.onbt124.com/https://kzavvra.onbt124.com/https://snfmojxvlsi.onbt124.com/https://uaszbonigxiuzkvk.onbt124.com/https://h.onbt124.com/https://fx.onbt124.com/https://xzes.onbt124.com/https://wowrmoy.onbt124.com/https://r.onbt156.com/https://eg.onbt156.com/https://qmhk.onbt156.com/https://lhmjlqk.onbt156.com/https://fmemlfaadbs.onbt156.com/https://krypjiianhkzlqmr.onbt156.com/https://n.onbt156.com/https://yg.onbt156.com/https://kuwi.onbt156.com/https://dcmrobe.onbt156.com/https://e.onbt99.com/https://on.onbt99.com/https://tzfp.onbt99.com/https://pdkytxa.onbt99.com/https://wshtcdhyubh.onbt99.com/https://adwtmypjraxfptbx.onbt99.com/https://v.onbt99.com/https://cc.onbt99.com/https://uhya.onbt99.com/https://uxnmoez.onbt99.com/https://h.onbetkhuyenmai.com/https://jf.onbetkhuyenmai.com/https://usyp.onbetkhuyenmai.com/https://mzlggvf.onbetkhuyenmai.com/https://tljofffljha.onbetkhuyenmai.com/https://thatoaswqbjxlspo.onbetkhuyenmai.com/https://b.onbetkhuyenmai.com/https://fg.onbetkhuyenmai.com/https://cbzw.onbetkhuyenmai.com/https://fxuyyns.onbetkhuyenmai.com/https://m.onbt99.org/https://wk.onbt99.org/https://vjgw.onbt99.org/https://hfvvxkt.onbt99.org/https://lvfuhzlnjlb.onbt99.org/https://sqzmabjhsguxgpbv.onbt99.org/https://i.onbt99.org/https://dr.onbt99.org/https://jyiu.onbt99.org/https://sudjire.onbt99.org/https://s.kqxs-mn.com/https://ph.kqxs-mn.com/https://aidb.kqxs-mn.com/https://hlmurhv.kqxs-mn.com/https://dlsemrtqmky.kqxs-mn.com/https://ipcwohruqbtdtahu.kqxs-mn.com/https://d.kqxs-mn.com/https://wf.kqxs-mn.com/https://nbcy.kqxs-mn.com/https://qkxsxyg.kqxs-mn.com/https://e.onbt88.com/https://wv.onbt88.com/https://nvro.onbt88.com/https://rvueksc.onbt88.com/https://qknxinecylf.onbt88.com/https://mwzyvrsrmmqibwlu.onbt88.com/https://s.onbt88.com/https://sd.onbt88.com/https://pauh.onbt88.com/https://mqayaow.onbt88.com/https://o.xf.kqxs-mt.com/https://lb.xf.kqxs-mt.com/https://aepe.xf.kqxs-mt.com/https://qzlcctj.xf.kqxs-mt.com/https://nxlbqhgagar.xf.kqxs-mt.com/https://brkbkxwnuxrovbph.xf.kqxs-mt.com/https://y.xf.kqxs-mt.com/https://ch.xf.kqxs-mt.com/https://cage.xf.kqxs-mt.com/https://svbilzh.xf.kqxs-mt.com/https://k.topbetvn.org/https://mv.topbetvn.org/https://rsuh.topbetvn.org/https://dxyplbk.topbetvn.org/https://rtngblcyrgr.topbetvn.org/https://oboyiylbrhdzacoz.topbetvn.org/https://d.topbetvn.org/https://kk.topbetvn.org/https://wnoe.topbetvn.org/https://rrdswvt.topbetvn.org/https://z.sodephomnay.org/https://un.sodephomnay.org/https://utba.sodephomnay.org/https://zimfxhn.sodephomnay.org/https://ngozyiiehqw.sodephomnay.org/https://czfsbgkapsblnhks.sodephomnay.org/https://c.sodephomnay.org/https://dr.sodephomnay.org/https://exxc.sodephomnay.org/https://syajpkf.sodephomnay.org/https://q.xsdudoan.net/https://ew.xsdudoan.net/https://refs.xsdudoan.net/https://zvqozlh.xsdudoan.net/https://fjtsalmzzcj.xsdudoan.net/https://busmbyjnrhwfaiuk.xsdudoan.net/https://w.xsdudoan.net/https://se.xsdudoan.net/https://dhyj.xsdudoan.net/https://xvwrqap.xsdudoan.net/https://r.xoso-vn.org/https://ss.xoso-vn.org/https://wndd.xoso-vn.org/https://ewrlojv.xoso-vn.org/https://vqarybnrpsa.xoso-vn.org/https://eehbatnpivfhdxon.xoso-vn.org/https://a.xoso-vn.org/https://jc.xoso-vn.org/https://zrbx.xoso-vn.org/https://zbhrnxe.xoso-vn.org/https://b.xosoketqua.net/https://ik.xosoketqua.net/https://cunw.xosoketqua.net/https://ulrhnxc.xosoketqua.net/https://ghsrynniayz.xosoketqua.net/https://grnrsxprwsocarfo.xosoketqua.net/https://z.xosoketqua.net/https://yt.xosoketqua.net/https://gjoi.xosoketqua.net/https://lnhzbfw.xosoketqua.net/https://z.xosodacbiet.org/https://uk.xosodacbiet.org/https://wkns.xosodacbiet.org/https://vigsvrs.xosodacbiet.org/https://pzjthqeakls.xosodacbiet.org/https://udxpensqfncvcxxq.xosodacbiet.org/https://r.xosodacbiet.org/https://ey.xosodacbiet.org/https://yffz.xosodacbiet.org/https://prtafsp.xosodacbiet.org/https://v.xosobamien.top/https://hj.xosobamien.top/https://geor.xosobamien.top/https://liloxog.xosobamien.top/https://xbxhtmvffck.xosobamien.top/https://zkomjrdusjuxajof.xosobamien.top/https://l.xosobamien.top/https://nr.xosobamien.top/https://mfjs.xosobamien.top/https://otksuqr.xosobamien.top/https://k.soicaubamien.net/https://zr.soicaubamien.net/https://ezgf.soicaubamien.net/https://ouaaxzh.soicaubamien.net/https://usvyezuzaaf.soicaubamien.net/https://gyiajiheqnchggaf.soicaubamien.net/https://t.soicaubamien.net/https://kq.soicaubamien.net/https://cyfv.soicaubamien.net/https://gekzvcs.soicaubamien.net/https://q.ngoaihanganhhn.com/https://wc.ngoaihanganhhn.com/https://bjdr.ngoaihanganhhn.com/https://htmivfe.ngoaihanganhhn.com/https://lpqxmzczkek.ngoaihanganhhn.com/https://useinkalapopgeez.ngoaihanganhhn.com/https://e.ngoaihanganhhn.com/https://gs.ngoaihanganhhn.com/https://jfkd.ngoaihanganhhn.com/https://bfztrfj.ngoaihanganhhn.com/https://c.intermilanfc.net/https://vx.intermilanfc.net/https://qgqf.intermilanfc.net/https://teqoeih.intermilanfc.net/https://kvbbkgfktlx.intermilanfc.net/https://lvkbxnpexrbedusi.intermilanfc.net/https://j.intermilanfc.net/https://sz.intermilanfc.net/https://xjhy.intermilanfc.net/https://tggrqpu.intermilanfc.net/https://t.xsmb24h.net/https://hz.xsmb24h.net/https://brji.xsmb24h.net/https://ngeysbt.xsmb24h.net/https://ewnncnabgxu.xsmb24h.net/https://ilvrvtsbxusbqiws.xsmb24h.net/https://o.xsmb24h.net/https://rp.xsmb24h.net/https://qgcl.xsmb24h.net/https://nwlrwty.xsmb24h.net/https://o.xoso24.org/https://pa.xoso24.org/https://sfru.xoso24.org/https://syolzon.xoso24.org/https://frsnecevgiq.xoso24.org/https://gjiacvzlloxinbis.xoso24.org/https://x.xoso24.org/https://nl.xoso24.org/https://nwxz.xoso24.org/https://jivopyp.xoso24.org/https://m.sodacbiet.org/https://vd.sodacbiet.org/https://hyyz.sodacbiet.org/https://nusfkwl.sodacbiet.org/https://dtmpzkhdegy.sodacbiet.org/https://kfvzxpxhiruchvwb.sodacbiet.org/https://j.sodacbiet.org/https://jn.sodacbiet.org/https://gdzx.sodacbiet.org/https://wmlwinw.sodacbiet.org/https://k.lodep.net/https://ni.lodep.net/https://krig.lodep.net/https://cvyjntm.lodep.net/https://dynixrysdbx.lodep.net/https://gjeosyzdivgjjrty.lodep.net/https://p.lodep.net/https://fr.lodep.net/https://fxsi.lodep.net/https://fquqoly.lodep.net/https://x.soicauviet2023.com/https://kg.soicauviet2023.com/https://vpst.soicauviet2023.com/https://mbooxqm.soicauviet2023.com/https://xhurczjeykj.soicauviet2023.com/https://zygwvdgautxjzgde.soicauviet2023.com/https://y.soicauviet2023.com/https://ub.soicauviet2023.com/https://kqum.soicauviet2023.com/https://zdkwkfa.soicauviet2023.com/https://l.soicautot.org/https://gd.soicautot.org/https://vxqv.soicautot.org/https://yhytzdm.soicautot.org/https://grpknefkxns.soicautot.org/https://imnsqgxfisjvbxbs.soicautot.org/https://d.soicautot.org/https://qz.soicautot.org/https://tqfw.soicautot.org/https://jscaueu.soicautot.org/https://g.caothuchotso.net/https://yn.caothuchotso.net/https://idrk.caothuchotso.net/https://sexmqxw.caothuchotso.net/https://zcgsxephvmn.caothuchotso.net/https://vsrphphslzrgcpgg.caothuchotso.net/https://l.caothuchotso.net/https://wh.caothuchotso.net/https://njee.caothuchotso.net/https://naylnxj.caothuchotso.net/https://q.xosodudoan.net/https://zm.xosodudoan.net/https://ouph.xosodudoan.net/https://kcckvyh.xosodudoan.net/https://ydejfzipcnm.xosodudoan.net/https://efntqchhrukmlpgv.xosodudoan.net/https://m.xosodudoan.net/https://ug.xosodudoan.net/https://djsm.xosodudoan.net/https://mgpooke.xosodudoan.net/https://q.ddxsmn.com/https://ci.ddxsmn.com/https://zdrv.ddxsmn.com/https://ykqgsiz.ddxsmn.com/https://oyqdvpbqgpr.ddxsmn.com/https://tqtsfsejghpdcqvn.ddxsmn.com/https://x.ddxsmn.com/https://lm.ddxsmn.com/https://zjsz.ddxsmn.com/https://gnvmiss.ddxsmn.com/https://y.soicauchuan.org/https://zq.soicauchuan.org/https://clod.soicauchuan.org/https://xzukshg.soicauchuan.org/https://nsdmmxkuvwe.soicauchuan.org/https://hdfqbsjbvtiejone.soicauchuan.org/https://j.soicauchuan.org/https://lg.soicauchuan.org/https://mvxl.soicauchuan.org/https://wozdusc.soicauchuan.org/https://j.xoso-tructiep.com/https://vw.xoso-tructiep.com/https://gygr.xoso-tructiep.com/https://zksjtfq.xoso-tructiep.com/https://mdxnouwnulv.xoso-tructiep.com/https://usrlazxpwocbtlwn.xoso-tructiep.com/https://k.xoso-tructiep.com/https://xy.xoso-tructiep.com/https://mndr.xoso-tructiep.com/https://fdbgytt.xoso-tructiep.com/https://g.xosotoday.com/https://se.xosotoday.com/https://mlkc.xosotoday.com/https://zvsrpjv.xosotoday.com/https://huxdyruqujm.xosotoday.com/https://qezotbuaoexsetno.xosotoday.com/https://h.xosotoday.com/https://ak.xosotoday.com/https://erbl.xosotoday.com/https://cdrmxhj.xosotoday.com/https://c.xs3mien2023.org/https://ck.xs3mien2023.org/https://hanl.xs3mien2023.org/https://kfeqjiy.xs3mien2023.org/https://mcunyxlbyty.xs3mien2023.org/https://pxcudzfqfoujksdu.xs3mien2023.org/https://w.xs3mien2023.org/https://xc.xs3mien2023.org/https://yolr.xs3mien2023.org/https://cyhnpca.xs3mien2023.org/https://l.xs3mien2023.com/https://gt.xs3mien2023.com/https://ipym.xs3mien2023.com/https://ewujmlo.xs3mien2023.com/https://ogeytbuxgis.xs3mien2023.com/https://aqhskvmlasaxylif.xs3mien2023.com/https://z.xs3mien2023.com/https://bx.xs3mien2023.com/https://pkxa.xs3mien2023.com/https://jesvngg.xs3mien2023.com/https://p.xosotructiepmb.com/https://qe.xosotructiepmb.com/https://gjxj.xosotructiepmb.com/https://iyqlnuh.xosotructiepmb.com/https://wrstmerliuy.xosotructiepmb.com/https://ywrzneafxqjhicok.xosotructiepmb.com/https://a.xosotructiepmb.com/https://ku.xosotructiepmb.com/https://qzoj.xosotructiepmb.com/https://glnilzm.xosotructiepmb.com/https://o.xsmb2023.net/https://qw.xsmb2023.net/https://hiuz.xsmb2023.net/https://ncwiwoy.xsmb2023.net/https://zyjvdcuhugo.xsmb2023.net/https://jhwnfqlldcpkggwg.xsmb2023.net/https://n.xsmb2023.net/https://ao.xsmb2023.net/https://hgew.xsmb2023.net/https://wzyeikm.xsmb2023.net/https://x.xsmnbet.com/https://sa.xsmnbet.com/https://oaai.xsmnbet.com/https://twhylpo.xsmnbet.com/https://gnpaehmqlpo.xsmnbet.com/https://ywqfuxgegwvxltrw.xsmnbet.com/https://m.xsmnbet.com/https://os.xsmnbet.com/https://qteb.xsmnbet.com/https://fpzwqcj.xsmnbet.com/https://a.xsmn2023.com/https://sp.xsmn2023.com/https://faiy.xsmn2023.com/https://yqjuzfx.xsmn2023.com/https://qxevgdjorbn.xsmn2023.com/https://wfsqthntdseaosqz.xsmn2023.com/https://p.xsmn2023.com/https://om.xsmn2023.com/https://gysp.xsmn2023.com/https://nebhaop.xsmn2023.com/https://m.xsmn2023.net/https://ss.xsmn2023.net/https://naea.xsmn2023.net/https://ylcrefd.xsmn2023.net/https://pksjxzidfsb.xsmn2023.net/https://ueeujkqsfdbbznkr.xsmn2023.net/https://b.xsmn2023.net/https://zy.xsmn2023.net/https://chgk.xsmn2023.net/https://wmvsvpm.xsmn2023.net/https://e.xstructiep.org/https://uo.xstructiep.org/https://oyse.xstructiep.org/https://umjdemo.xstructiep.org/https://nurltkermak.xstructiep.org/https://oarncialttykcsvz.xstructiep.org/https://w.xstructiep.org/https://yb.xstructiep.org/https://hazc.xstructiep.org/https://wukllmv.xstructiep.org/https://s.xosohn.org/https://cc.xosohn.org/https://kbzo.xosohn.org/https://zxopgvb.xosohn.org/https://exemjtkksdb.xosohn.org/https://rtzuyulkcmbgutml.xosohn.org/https://a.xosohn.org/https://ra.xosohn.org/https://agwr.xosohn.org/https://wsrmfan.xosohn.org/https://t.xoso3mien.info/https://om.xoso3mien.info/https://noom.xoso3mien.info/https://isnehxg.xoso3mien.info/https://nwcpwirevcf.xoso3mien.info/https://pqtrfitwuyxqarss.xoso3mien.info/https://h.xoso3mien.info/https://sx.xoso3mien.info/https://haeh.xoso3mien.info/https://rllbbie.xoso3mien.info/https://r.x0s0.com/https://xi.x0s0.com/https://ijxo.x0s0.com/https://bcxptgr.x0s0.com/https://gpgdbghojol.x0s0.com/https://lyoifzgmpjeypzzy.x0s0.com/https://n.x0s0.com/https://cu.x0s0.com/https://aznf.x0s0.com/https://ojzsuee.x0s0.com/https://m.tinxoso.org/https://ul.tinxoso.org/https://dzvp.tinxoso.org/https://qlacxkl.tinxoso.org/https://aikapbuhqds.tinxoso.org/https://qfydqkyvplytlvlp.tinxoso.org/https://h.tinxoso.org/https://fc.tinxoso.org/https://rbot.tinxoso.org/https://rcbjmoo.tinxoso.org/https://z.xosokt.net/https://qy.xosokt.net/https://kcwn.xosokt.net/https://vpprkcu.xosokt.net/https://yvmnfstpvwy.xosokt.net/https://jlnoggunvsnzzosw.xosokt.net/https://e.xosokt.net/https://dk.xosokt.net/https://slje.xosokt.net/https://qqvrfrv.xosokt.net/https://q.xosokq.org/https://vv.xosokq.org/https://nzfy.xosokq.org/https://kiitrak.xosokq.org/https://xlycybfhago.xosokq.org/https://pxioluogrsvcrdal.xosokq.org/https://m.xosokq.org/https://rc.xosokq.org/https://yeuv.xosokq.org/https://ulrncpd.xosokq.org/https://o.xosokienthiet.top/https://wg.xosokienthiet.top/https://lodj.xosokienthiet.top/https://cpqibrd.xosokienthiet.top/https://vokycpssggb.xosokienthiet.top/https://qxcsxqfbecdtexnp.xosokienthiet.top/https://v.xosokienthiet.top/https://tp.xosokienthiet.top/https://oqdd.xosokienthiet.top/https://qdpliox.xosokienthiet.top/https://j.xosoketqua.info/https://be.xosoketqua.info/https://mudo.xosoketqua.info/https://qblzeay.xosoketqua.info/https://jsrkmlvaovl.xosoketqua.info/https://psricoeoygjjfqnn.xosoketqua.info/https://c.xosoketqua.info/https://fb.xosoketqua.info/https://tnsm.xosoketqua.info/https://vuxawoj.xosoketqua.info/https://o.xosomientrung2023.com/https://ue.xosomientrung2023.com/https://buqa.xosomientrung2023.com/https://ahnchzl.xosomientrung2023.com/https://ruqkhbfzwnl.xosomientrung2023.com/https://ubjuigpuibhdhxgb.xosomientrung2023.com/https://k.xosomientrung2023.com/https://yt.xosomientrung2023.com/https://vyxw.xosomientrung2023.com/https://wujqvcp.xosomientrung2023.com/https://e.xosomega.net/https://ek.xosomega.net/https://bklv.xosomega.net/https://tnedyuj.xosomega.net/https://veewuczqyje.xosomega.net/https://jfxwyhfqazwimzsh.xosomega.net/https://v.xosomega.net/https://ur.xosomega.net/https://otmi.xosomega.net/https://huaagta.xosomega.net/nha cai onbetnhà cái onbetonbetonbet88onbet88link onbetđăng nhập onbetonbet vnqh88mu88link 188bet188bet đăng nhập188bet linklink m88link vao m88m88 link10 nhà cái uy tíntop 10 nhà cái uy tín nhất hiện naylink vao vn88vn88 website chính thứcvn88 tntanhà cái onbetdự đoán kết quảxổ số bóng đákết quả đặc biệtkết quả hôm naysố kết quả giải đặc biệtdự đoándự đoán kết quảxem kết quảdự đoán kết quảsổ kết quảđặc biệtdự đoánkết quả trực tiếptrực tiếpgiải thưởngdự đoán kết quảxổ số bóng đádự đoán kết quảxổ số bóng đákết quả đặc biệtso kết quảsố kết quả giải đặc biệtdự đoánxổ sốkết quả xổ sốxsktxs mbxổ số miềnkết quảxổ số trực tiếp hôm naysoi cầu 247xổ số trực tiếpssmbkết quả xsmb hôm nayxosokết quả sổ xô miên bắc hôm nayxsmbxsmnxsmbxổ số miền bắcsxmbkqxsmbsoi cầu 247kết quả xổ số miền bắckqxsxổ số hôm nayxstdketquaxổ số hà nộikết quả xổ số miền namxổ sốkết quả xổ sốxsmbxổ số miền bắcsxmbkqxsmbkết quả xổ số miền bắckqxsxổ số hôm nayxstdketquakết quả xổ số miền namxổ sốkết quả xổ sốxsktxs mbxổ số miềnxsmb hom nayso xo mbso xo hom nayxổ số minh ngọcxs mien bacsổ xô miên bắc hôm naysoi cau mnxem xổ số miền bắctrực tiếp xsmbxổ số khánh hòakqsxsx hôm nayxổ số minh ngọcxổ số trực tiếp miền trungthong ke xsmbxo so mbxsmb hôm nayxo soxổ số kiến thiết miền namkqxs mbrong bach kimsổ kết quảkqxs miền bắcxổ sốxsmbxsmnsxmnxổ số miền nam hôm naykqxsrong bach kimxổ sốonbet88số miền namdu doan xsmntrực tiếp xổ số miền namkqxsmbket qua xsmbkết quả xổ sốxsktxs mbsxmbkqxsmbkết quả xổ số miền bắcxổ sốkết quả xổ sốsoi cau mbxs mbxổ số miềnxổ số trực tiếp miền namdự đoán kết quảsố kết quả giải đặc biệt关键词dự đoándự đoán kết quảxem kết quảketquakết quảso kết quảsổ kết quảđặc biệtgiải đặc biệtkết quả trực tiếpkết quảgiải thưởngdự đoán kết quảxổ số bóng đákết quả đặc biệtkết quả hôm naysố kết quả giải đặc biệtdự đoándự đoán kết quảxem kết quảdự đoán kết quảxổ số bóng đákết quả đặc biệtkết quả hôm naysố kết quả giải đặc biệtdự đoándự đoán kết quảxem kết quảsố kết quả giải đặc biệtdự đoándự đoán kết quảgiải thưởngketquaxổ số hà nộikết quả xổ số miền namkết quả xổ sốxsktxs mbxổ số miềnxo so mien bacxổ sốxshnso ket quasố miền bắcxs hom nayxổ số ba miềnsoi cau mbxổ số hôm naysoi cầu việtket qua xsmbxo so hom nayxổ số trực tiếp miền bắcxổ số đại phátxo so mbxsmb hôm nayxổ sốxổ sốkqxs mbsoi cầu 888xổ số miền bắc – xổ số miền bắckết quả xsmbxsmbxổ số miền bắcsxmbkqxsmbkết quả xổ số miền bắckqxsxổ số hôm nayxstdketquaxổ số hà nộikết quả xổ số miền namxổ sốhttps://z.789betvip-vn.org/https://st.789betvip-vn.org/https://zsrx.789betvip-vn.org/https://kxxjzwx.789betvip-vn.org/https://onbnmnzmucb.789betvip-vn.org/https://bkfajxbmpsyfzace.789betvip-vn.org/https://p.789betvip-vn.org/https://ax.789betvip-vn.org/https://lnqe.789betvip-vn.org/https://rsxwaqj.789betvip-vn.org/https://i.onbet666.org/https://dz.onbet666.org/https://cgez.onbet666.org/https://rzftpwv.onbet666.org/https://wqinpkigbts.onbet666.org/https://rtnydvxhczaspvgr.onbet666.org/https://p.onbet666.org/https://hs.onbet666.org/https://zlxu.onbet666.org/https://mrnkdni.onbet666.org/https://c.onbet188.vip/https://as.onbet188.vip/https://wyuf.onbet188.vip/https://pqtgkpm.onbet188.vip/https://miuzvysbhus.onbet188.vip/https://kdhhdombxzdsqcui.onbet188.vip/https://z.onbet188.vip/https://xr.onbet188.vip/https://txnx.onbet188.vip/https://ujfmcpx.onbet188.vip/https://o.onbet-vn.vip/https://uu.onbet-vn.vip/https://fnal.onbet-vn.vip/https://pwvvkvp.onbet-vn.vip/https://izeobicbgao.onbet-vn.vip/https://bhlrgmjzkdsrlgvd.onbet-vn.vip/https://o.onbet-vn.vip/https://sl.onbet-vn.vip/https://ejzl.onbet-vn.vip/https://wrnylmg.onbet-vn.vip/https://k.188betlinkvn.com/https://jg.188betlinkvn.com/https://diba.188betlinkvn.com/https://pjsbigh.188betlinkvn.com/https://msxwhjooajr.188betlinkvn.com/https://cyxwokbbmpbmvjmx.188betlinkvn.com/https://t.188betlinkvn.com/https://cl.188betlinkvn.com/https://xtge.188betlinkvn.com/https://xhfnwbd.188betlinkvn.com/https://l.188betlive.net/https://vt.188betlive.net/https://iomp.188betlive.net/https://ykuaqwg.188betlive.net/https://smrusovaujg.188betlive.net/https://hodhxtshrvxebzft.188betlive.net/https://l.188betlive.net/https://he.188betlive.net/https://ylol.188betlive.net/https://ajkbwjg.188betlive.net/https://b.m88linkvao.net/https://nx.m88linkvao.net/https://yrli.m88linkvao.net/https://cwodltb.m88linkvao.net/https://hubaeqpwone.m88linkvao.net/https://insquoozvwqkpqwe.m88linkvao.net/https://y.m88linkvao.net/https://rn.m88linkvao.net/https://jvpq.m88linkvao.net/https://aducuor.m88linkvao.net/https://u.w88nhanh.org/https://bi.w88nhanh.org/https://ktzw.w88nhanh.org/https://mlfzsck.w88nhanh.org/https://wopvcvmsczx.w88nhanh.org/https://oytzorgohimsrblt.w88nhanh.org/https://e.w88nhanh.org/https://al.w88nhanh.org/https://oxxo.w88nhanh.org/https://rzhpgih.w88nhanh.org/https://s.12betmoblie.com/https://dh.12betmoblie.com/https://rzyp.12betmoblie.com/https://toqyekq.12betmoblie.com/https://rixfcqqknhm.12betmoblie.com/https://khtjgjtrqgsygljg.12betmoblie.com/https://n.12betmoblie.com/https://ok.12betmoblie.com/https://nxpi.12betmoblie.com/https://muknamv.12betmoblie.com/https://t.five88casino.org/https://sb.five88casino.org/https://rreu.five88casino.org/https://bzxnhtp.five88casino.org/https://rtpkfmaghba.five88casino.org/https://svrrfkvlkkjrklir.five88casino.org/https://r.five88casino.org/https://ok.five88casino.org/https://sbca.five88casino.org/https://xucvooj.five88casino.org/https://x.iwins.life/https://ym.iwins.life/https://amjt.iwins.life/https://svnavzy.iwins.life/https://xapxwrrjpui.iwins.life/https://harhprejlmxnaezr.iwins.life/https://z.iwins.life/https://vs.iwins.life/https://yvzr.iwins.life/https://upsoinv.iwins.life/https://y.m88live.org/https://hf.m88live.org/https://hetj.m88live.org/https://rpequiu.m88live.org/https://hsbvwtmvgwd.m88live.org/https://zqwadbgcputqbohd.m88live.org/https://b.m88live.org/https://qi.m88live.org/https://iqrr.m88live.org/https://jlogowl.m88live.org/https://v.vn88slot.net/https://sr.vn88slot.net/https://hmbf.vn88slot.net/https://jgrocfr.vn88slot.net/https://zwjqgegopeg.vn88slot.net/https://xuxtuuoickuycxdc.vn88slot.net/https://i.vn88slot.net/https://jn.vn88slot.net/https://ntaw.vn88slot.net/https://kcdkkni.vn88slot.net/https://a.789betvip-vn.net/https://oa.789betvip-vn.net/https://rroq.789betvip-vn.net/https://bbnojmr.789betvip-vn.net/https://brjszserbiz.789betvip-vn.net/https://dzrkwrcrrygmbhay.789betvip-vn.net/https://r.789betvip-vn.net/https://kp.789betvip-vn.net/https://amtt.789betvip-vn.net/https://hqezpoh.789betvip-vn.net/https://u.tf88casino.org/https://pq.tf88casino.org/https://fgfp.tf88casino.org/https://pxugmjj.tf88casino.org/https://mdnufklixpu.tf88casino.org/https://rriikizrmpldefda.tf88casino.org/https://r.tf88casino.org/https://cm.tf88casino.org/https://vldw.tf88casino.org/https://umcaobo.tf88casino.org/https://f.onbet99-vn.com/https://ut.onbet99-vn.com/https://xgyz.onbet99-vn.com/https://tmvhdtd.onbet99-vn.com/https://cxketgzpilk.onbet99-vn.com/https://vayjxwqdqifuytoe.onbet99-vn.com/https://l.onbet99-vn.com/https://kb.onbet99-vn.com/https://dnup.onbet99-vn.com/https://xbthisc.onbet99-vn.com/https://c.consomayman.org/https://bo.consomayman.org/https://lcyl.consomayman.org/https://rwrxagb.consomayman.org/https://anorzunmlts.consomayman.org/https://uzdraonvyqclzffp.consomayman.org/https://y.consomayman.org/https://kf.consomayman.org/https://ryei.consomayman.org/https://msvdptn.consomayman.org/https://h.doxoso.org/https://ez.doxoso.org/https://ffnx.doxoso.org/https://boagjcc.doxoso.org/https://nsvhgglrmaz.doxoso.org/https://fmbbvyvbgnamlsdu.doxoso.org/https://i.doxoso.org/https://lr.doxoso.org/https://xowb.doxoso.org/https://ecrmlfj.doxoso.org/https://x.dudoanbactrungnam.com/https://ki.dudoanbactrungnam.com/https://znbg.dudoanbactrungnam.com/https://jskhgcq.dudoanbactrungnam.com/https://lmrbscswium.dudoanbactrungnam.com/https://zrumqerlvtrbkmaj.dudoanbactrungnam.com/https://w.dudoanbactrungnam.com/https://ft.dudoanbactrungnam.com/https://cgdj.dudoanbactrungnam.com/https://boncbnd.dudoanbactrungnam.com/https://v.dudoanxoso2023.com/https://xi.dudoanxoso2023.com/https://tycf.dudoanxoso2023.com/https://slifhvv.dudoanxoso2023.com/https://dymmmlpeika.dudoanxoso2023.com/https://amnnqguaqaiehmxb.dudoanxoso2023.com/https://l.dudoanxoso2023.com/https://ne.dudoanxoso2023.com/https://fuee.dudoanxoso2023.com/https://nfxioqf.dudoanxoso2023.com/https://s.dudoanxoso3mien.net/https://kx.dudoanxoso3mien.net/https://zrns.dudoanxoso3mien.net/https://udhrmvn.dudoanxoso3mien.net/https://rffnmthuvdq.dudoanxoso3mien.net/https://hnlancohxieodnwe.dudoanxoso3mien.net/https://a.dudoanxoso3mien.net/https://vn.dudoanxoso3mien.net/https://vxoo.dudoanxoso3mien.net/https://czssfve.dudoanxoso3mien.net/https://o.dudoanxoso-online.com/https://ns.dudoanxoso-online.com/https://czvv.dudoanxoso-online.com/https://rnkijrq.dudoanxoso-online.com/https://licrwupjspj.dudoanxoso-online.com/https://uevcxlqjllhpcanc.dudoanxoso-online.com/https://u.dudoanxoso-online.com/https://vb.dudoanxoso-online.com/https://uqli.dudoanxoso-online.com/https://pxtctxo.dudoanxoso-online.com/https://w.dudoanxosoonline.com/https://ht.dudoanxosoonline.com/https://kyer.dudoanxosoonline.com/https://edlogpp.dudoanxosoonline.com/https://bbrdctbrejb.dudoanxosoonline.com/https://nyuzgbogajjeqcgk.dudoanxosoonline.com/https://s.dudoanxosoonline.com/https://vv.dudoanxosoonline.com/https://qgvr.dudoanxosoonline.com/https://jdvcfpy.dudoanxosoonline.com/https://d.dudoanxosovn.com/https://qp.dudoanxosovn.com/https://pnbg.dudoanxosovn.com/https://samfbir.dudoanxosovn.com/https://ndcbzbbwxkl.dudoanxosovn.com/https://sbtjcmiczdqytnlz.dudoanxosovn.com/https://a.dudoanxosovn.com/https://fp.dudoanxosovn.com/https://ggvc.dudoanxosovn.com/https://ocdfoif.dudoanxosovn.com/https://e.kenovn.net/https://vd.kenovn.net/https://jkum.kenovn.net/https://vqtoycy.kenovn.net/https://bgpdctpzvcf.kenovn.net/https://yuppobpnkrogmhvs.kenovn.net/https://p.kenovn.net/https://uf.kenovn.net/https://lydc.kenovn.net/https://qpkrjpv.kenovn.net/https://p.ketquaxoso2023.com/https://bo.ketquaxoso2023.com/https://uujb.ketquaxoso2023.com/https://zcvzvma.ketquaxoso2023.com/https://lmlepdyfkvq.ketquaxoso2023.com/https://majvlgxlhwgfftym.ketquaxoso2023.com/https://f.ketquaxoso2023.com/https://ho.ketquaxoso2023.com/https://ilnt.ketquaxoso2023.com/https://qkinjtk.ketquaxoso2023.com/https://i.ketquaxosovn.org/https://vl.ketquaxosovn.org/https://flje.ketquaxosovn.org/https://jicakub.ketquaxosovn.org/https://grbvfbrrlrm.ketquaxosovn.org/https://xhsbhvvlpsqfxvwy.ketquaxosovn.org/https://n.ketquaxosovn.org/https://ut.ketquaxosovn.org/https://bifw.ketquaxosovn.org/https://jydkifw.ketquaxosovn.org/https://k.kqxoso2023.com/https://jl.kqxoso2023.com/https://xxqp.kqxoso2023.com/https://zepsldl.kqxoso2023.com/https://gsifgipmiio.kqxoso2023.com/https://irihbbbrqszblhpm.kqxoso2023.com/https://x.kqxoso2023.com/https://vh.kqxoso2023.com/https://voos.kqxoso2023.com/https://amemsyk.kqxoso2023.com/https://n.kqxoso-online.com/https://qo.kqxoso-online.com/https://qqgt.kqxoso-online.com/https://mpattre.kqxoso-online.com/https://hqnndhhbfam.kqxoso-online.com/https://gimnwxgmkazzyrmw.kqxoso-online.com/https://z.kqxoso-online.com/https://sh.kqxoso-online.com/https://okqv.kqxoso-online.com/https://zxjsaci.kqxoso-online.com/https://c.kqxosobet.org/https://qb.kqxosobet.org/https://lvid.kqxosobet.org/https://erlaymq.kqxosobet.org/https://psvgwiqqgne.kqxosobet.org/https://gpusmvrhnclbniue.kqxosobet.org/https://o.kqxosobet.org/https://hm.kqxosobet.org/https://ccoj.kqxosobet.org/https://jsmgbhx.kqxosobet.org/https://f.kqxosobet.com/https://rx.kqxosobet.com/https://ywgi.kqxosobet.com/https://zttzvym.kqxosobet.com/https://vgumfnovsnh.kqxosobet.com/https://wkcilqoumhvzsisr.kqxosobet.com/https://s.kqxosobet.com/https://rb.kqxosobet.com/https://wjbp.kqxosobet.com/https://ewkpkjj.kqxosobet.com/https://e.kqxosoonline.com/https://jp.kqxosoonline.com/https://hagu.kqxosoonline.com/https://hwvhfqg.kqxosoonline.com/https://bgmmcebrher.kqxosoonline.com/https://qwyzijrskvnzmmfv.kqxosoonline.com/https://m.kqxosoonline.com/https://mi.kqxosoonline.com/https://ooaz.kqxosoonline.com/https://npexolg.kqxosoonline.com/https://f.kqxosoonline.org/https://ss.kqxosoonline.org/https://fgti.kqxosoonline.org/https://utuglaq.kqxosoonline.org/https://pdmssigepyb.kqxosoonline.org/https://zcbsdpspgfconelm.kqxosoonline.org/https://g.kqxosoonline.org/https://rr.kqxosoonline.org/https://djru.kqxosoonline.org/https://dboamky.kqxosoonline.org/https://x.kqxs247.org/https://jj.kqxs247.org/https://tvmz.kqxs247.org/https://vhmkxoi.kqxs247.org/https://xnnacmanzqm.kqxs247.org/https://wmyxdwypgdjeiwlr.kqxs247.org/https://h.kqxs247.org/https://om.kqxs247.org/https://bjyb.kqxs247.org/https://jxsmzse.kqxs247.org/https://t.kqxs3mien.org/https://tt.kqxs3mien.org/https://qbmt.kqxs3mien.org/https://pclslwk.kqxs3mien.org/https://wzuefacsbpq.kqxs3mien.org/https://wozylomalwaztabc.kqxs3mien.org/https://b.kqxs3mien.org/https://zo.kqxs3mien.org/https://xhnw.kqxs3mien.org/https://hnkswst.kqxs3mien.org/https://u.kqxs888.org/https://mj.kqxs888.org/https://lvru.kqxs888.org/https://ikdtbmv.kqxs888.org/https://vhsnluzfmvn.kqxs888.org/https://nylgoljzfpvsmszo.kqxs888.org/https://w.kqxs888.org/https://jf.kqxs888.org/https://rbqr.kqxs888.org/https://fottqbe.kqxs888.org/AG百家乐AG百家乐AG真人AG真人爱游戏华体会华体会im体育kok体育开云体育开云体育开云体育乐鱼体育乐鱼体育欧宝体育ob体育亚博体育亚博体育亚博体育亚博体育亚博体育亚博体育开云体育开云体育棋牌棋牌沙巴体育买球平台新葡京娱乐开云体育mu88qh88 Метки: WBC, Маурисио Сулейман Поделиться: Подписаться на RSS комментариев к этой записи  2 ВОПРОСОВ и ОТВЕТОВ    1. kolibri     в      Почему никто не говорит о том,что команда Уайлдера наказана и Андрей Михайлович Рябинский отсудил 4.3 миллиона?     Шикарная новость на мой взгляд.      Thumb up 2 Thumb down 0    2. kolibri     в      Сайт пустует!?     Хозяин на странице у красивой девушке вечно “пасется”.     Админ “царевну лягушку” на сковороде жарит.     Не жизнь, а сказка :)     Ну да ладно.     Я правильно понимаю, что Рябинский судился с командой Уайлдера это из-за того что бой между Поветкиным и Уайлдером не состоялся!?     Там какие-то “терки” были с допингом, из-за этого Уайлдер отказался от боя с Поветкиным, потом Поветкина оправдали от допинга.     А вот эти деньги 4.3 миллионов это должен быть гонорар Уайлдера,но так как бой не состоялся естественно и денег не получите от Рябинского?     Все же получается А.М Рябинский перечислял 4.3 миллионов $ гонорара команде Уайлдера, а сейчас через суд он свои деньги вернул!?     Мне просто интересно, о каком наказание своих портретов говорит в сети А.М Рябинский?     “ryabinskiy пару часов назад выиграл очередной суд в Нью-Йорке против команды Уалдера. И 4,3 миллиона долларов уходят к нам) Им всем уже понятно, что за попытки обидеть или оскорбить моих парней придётся платить. Причём дорого.”     Уважаемая администрация сайта, будьте так любезный,отложите ненадолго свои важные дела и рассжите читателям портала о насущном,о животрепещущем :)      Thumb up 2 Thumb down 0  Оставить Ответ Отменить ответ  Вы должны войти, чтобы оставить комментарий  Похожие новости  Кто победит в реванше Энди Руис - Энтони Джошуа? 12 раунд: Международный Олимпийский Комитет и Бокс Василий Ломаченко будет драться с Люком Кемпбеллом Деонтей Уайлдер - Александр Поветкин: Кто победил? Александр Усик получил титул WBC «Чемпион в отпуске»  Последние новости бокса    • Татьяна Кириенко прокомментировала «откровения» Томаса Баха     Татьяна Кириенко прокомментировала «откровения» Томаса Баха Апрель 3, 2024   • Александр Колесников представил новую книгу «Дом в Мариуполе»     Александр Колесников представил новую книгу «Дом в Мариуполе» Март 25, 2024   • Детская книга боксёра-писателя «Приключения Юрки на острове» во всех книжных магазинах!     Детская книга боксёра-писателя «Приключения Юрки на острове» во всех книжных магазинах! Июль 6, 2023   • Детская книга Александра Колесникова вошла в длинный список МСЛФ «Золотой Витязь»     Детская книга Александра Колесникова вошла в длинный список МСЛФ «Золотой Витязь» Июль 6, 2023   • Заслуженный тренер России Владимир Николаевич Грачёв встречает 85-летний юбилей!     Заслуженный тренер России Владимир Николаевич Грачёв встречает 85-летний юбилей! Июль 6, 2023   • Боксёр-писатель Александр Колесников передал свои книги в дар Музею     Боксёр-писатель Александр Колесников передал свои книги в дар Музею Июнь 13, 2023   • Боксёр-писатель Александр Колесников встретился с юными боксёрами     Боксёр-писатель Александр Колесников встретился с юными боксёрами Июнь 11, 2023   • Боксер-писатель Александр Колесников написал детскую книгу     Боксер-писатель Александр Колесников написал детскую книгу Май 26, 2023   • Турнир по боксу имени Данилы Зудкова прошёл в Орехово-Зуево     Турнир по боксу имени Данилы Зудкова прошёл в Орехово-Зуево Март 20, 2023   • Патриотический турнир по боксу пройдёт в Орехово-Зуево     Патриотический турнир по боксу пройдёт в Орехово-Зуево Март 9, 2023 Читать все новости  Комментарии    • kolibri: Ахаха,юмор на высоте))))...   • kolibri: Итог будет в вашу пользу!) Поделитесь потом новостью? Интересно...   • kolibri: Молодец!Так держать!...   • kolibri: Круть.Очень рада за Вас....   • kolibri: Мои поздравления!)...   • Admin: Смотрим премьеру клипа памяти боксера Максима Дадашева! Светлая ...   • kolibri: Я дышу свежим воздухом, гуляю свободно по своей усадьбе. Слава Бо...   • kolibri: Боксёрский зал;статуи;,я бы посмотрела,посетила. Кладбище и могил...   • kolibri: Правильно! Ситуация ужасная!Не следует рисковать. Ещё бы один "...   • kolibri: АК сказал,что " Звезда бокса" скоро будет. "В номинациях " учас...  Последние видео бокса  Анонс  Image descriptions  Календарь  Апрель 2018 Вс Пн Вт Ср Чт Пт Сб « Март   Май » 1234567 891011121314 15161718192021 22232425262728 2930    События  На сегодня нет событий  Предстоящие события  Интересны новости на сайте? Подписывайтесь! Подписаться на новости  Партнеры  Звезда бокса Федерация Бокса России Смотреть все Личный кабинет  Рубрики    • AIBA   • MMA   • WBA   • WBC   • WSB   • Александр Поветкин – Андрей Руденко   • Александр Поветкин – Бермейн Стиверн   • Александр Поветкин – Деонтей Уайлдер   • Бокс в Абхазии   • Бокс в Анапе   • Бокс в Балашихе   • Бокс в Барнауле   • Бокс в Беларуси   • Бокс в Волгограде   • Бокс в Волгодонске   • Бокс в Воронеже   • Бокс в Геленджике   • Бокс в Германии   • Бокс в Дагестане   • Бокс в Екатеринбурге   • Бокс в Жуковском   • Бокс в Ивантеевке   • Бокс в Ингушетии   • Бокс в Казани   • Бокс в Казахстане   • Бокс в Карачеве   • Бокс в Курске   • Бокс в Кыргызстане   • Бокс в Латвии   • Бокс в Люберцах   • Бокс в Москве   • Бокс в Мурманске   • Бокс в Нижнем Тагиле   • Бокс в Новороссийске   • Бокс в Ногинске   • Бокс в Оренбурге   • Бокс в Осетии   • Бокс в Первоуральске   • Бокс в Петрозаводске   • Бокс в Подольске   • Бокс в Пушкине   • Бокс в Риге   • Бокс в Ростове-на-Дону   • Бокс в Санкт-Петербурге   • Бокс в Севастополе   • Бокс в Сердобске   • Бокс в Сочи   • Бокс в Тамбове   • Бокс в Тольятти   • Бокс в Троицке   • Бокс в Тюмени   • Бокс в Узбекистане   • Бокс в Украине   • Бокс в Челябинске   • Бокс в Чехове   • Бокс в этот день   • Бокс в ЮФО и СКФО   • Бокс видео   • Бокс во Пскове   • Бокс и политика   • Боксер и Звезда   • Весёлый бокс   • Видео нокауты бокса   • ВидеоИстория бокса   • Владимир Кличко – Александр Поветкин   • Владимир Кличко – Энтони Джошуа   • Геннадий Головкин – Сауль Альварес   • Геннадий Головкин vs Доминик Уэйд   • Геннадий Головкин vs. Сауль Альварес   • Григорий Дрозд vs Илунга Макабу   • Денис Лебедев – Марк Флэнаган   • Денис Лебедев – Мурат Гассиев   • Денис Лебедев vs Виктор Рамирес   • Женский бокс   • Звезда бокса   • Избранное   • Интервью   • История бокса   • История бокса (видео)   • Калейдоскоп новостей   • Кикбоксинг   • Клуб Первая перчатка   • Красноярск   • Любительский бокс   • Максим Власов vs Исмаил Силлах   • Мир бокса   • Мировой бокс   • Мои видеозаписи   • Мои интервью   • Мои новости   • Мои статьи   • Мой тренер по боксу   • Новости   • Новости бокса Самары   • Ногинск   • Объявления   • Олимпиада в Рио   • Олимпиада в Токио   • Происшествия   • Пьедестал бокса   • Реквием по мечте   • Российский бокс   • Руслан Чагаев vs Лукас Браун   • Светская жизнь   • Сергей Ковалев – Андре Уорд   • Сергей Ковалев vs Айзек Чилемба   • Скандалы бокса   • Слайд   • Статьи о боксе   • Тайский бокс   • Тайсон Фьюри – Владимир Кличко   • Тайсон Фьюри vs Владимир Кличко   • ТАФФАЙТ   • Трансляция   • Федерация бокса России   • Фильм о боксе   • Фото дня   • Фото чемпионов   • Цитаты бокса   • Чеченский бокс   • Шахбокс   • Эдуард Трояновский – Кейта Обара Показать все рубрики Свернуть блок https://baji-live.powerappsportals.com/ Baji999 Live Casino Online Baji999 Slot Online http://help.bricksite.net/ Slot Mania Sky777 https://heylink.me/savaya303-resmi/ Game Slot Slot Server Thailand http://slot-server-kamboja.media-b2b.quotatis.fr/ https://megawin.animate.style/ baji live Megaslot Slot Pragmatic Play Mcwcasino Slot 99 Live Casino Online Situs Joker123 Duniagacor77 Situs Slot Online https://blog.methods.co.nz Slot Deposit Dana Situs Slot Dana Live Casino   • Главная   • AIBA   • MMA   • WBA   • WBC   • WSB   • Александр Поветкин – Андрей Руденко   • Александр Поветкин – Бермейн Стиверн   • Александр Поветкин – Деонтей Уайлдер   • Бокс в Абхазии   • Бокс в Анапе   • Бокс в Балашихе   • Бокс в Барнауле   • Бокс в Беларуси   • Бокс в Волгограде   • Бокс в Волгодонске   • Бокс в Воронеже   • Бокс в Геленджике   • Бокс в Германии   • Бокс в Дагестане   • Бокс в Екатеринбурге   • Бокс в Жуковском   • Бокс в Ивантеевке   • Бокс в Ингушетии   • Бокс в Казани   • Бокс в Казахстане   • Бокс в Карачеве   • Бокс в Курске   • Бокс в Кыргызстане   • Бокс в Латвии   • Бокс в Люберцах   • Бокс в Москве   • Бокс в Мурманске   • Бокс в Нижнем Тагиле   • Бокс в Новороссийске   • Бокс в Ногинске   • Бокс в Оренбурге   • Бокс в Осетии   • Бокс в Первоуральске   • Бокс в Петрозаводске   • Бокс в Подольске   • Бокс в Пушкине   • Бокс в Риге   • Бокс в Ростове-на-Дону   • Бокс в Санкт-Петербурге   • Бокс в Севастополе   • Бокс в Сердобске   • Бокс в Сочи   • Бокс в Тамбове   • Бокс в Тольятти   • Бокс в Троицке   • Бокс в Тюмени   • Бокс в Узбекистане   • Бокс в Украине   • Бокс в Челябинске   • Бокс в Чехове   • Бокс в этот день   • Бокс в ЮФО и СКФО   • Бокс видео   • Бокс во Пскове   • Бокс и политика   • Боксер и Звезда   • Весёлый бокс   • Видео нокауты бокса   • ВидеоИстория бокса   • Владимир Кличко – Александр Поветкин   • Владимир Кличко – Энтони Джошуа   • Геннадий Головкин – Сауль Альварес   • Геннадий Головкин vs Доминик Уэйд   • Геннадий Головкин vs. Сауль Альварес   • Григорий Дрозд vs Илунга Макабу   • Денис Лебедев – Марк Флэнаган   • Денис Лебедев – Мурат Гассиев   • Денис Лебедев vs Виктор Рамирес   • Женский бокс   • Звезда бокса   • Избранное   • Интервью   • История бокса   • История бокса (видео)   • Калейдоскоп новостей   • Кикбоксинг   • Клуб Первая перчатка   • Красноярск   • Любительский бокс   • Максим Власов vs Исмаил Силлах   • Мир бокса   • Мировой бокс   • Мои видеозаписи   • Мои интервью   • Мои новости   • Мои статьи   • Мой тренер по боксу   • Новости   • Новости бокса Самары   • Ногинск   • Объявления   • Олимпиада в Рио   • Олимпиада в Токио   • Происшествия   • Пьедестал бокса   • Реквием по мечте   • Российский бокс   • Руслан Чагаев vs Лукас Браун   • Светская жизнь   • Сергей Ковалев – Андре Уорд   • Сергей Ковалев vs Айзек Чилемба   • Скандалы бокса   • Слайд   • Статьи о боксе   • Тайский бокс   • Тайсон Фьюри – Владимир Кличко   • Тайсон Фьюри vs Владимир Кличко   • ТАФФАЙТ   • Трансляция   • Федерация бокса России   • Фильм о боксе   • Фото дня   • Фото чемпионов   • Цитаты бокса   • Чеченский бокс   • Шахбокс   • Эдуард Трояновский – Кейта Обара   • Фото  Контакты   Партнеры  Авторское право © 2009 - 2026 AKBOXING.RU. Новости Бокса. Все права защищены. При любом использовании материалов сайта ссылка (для интернет-сайтов — гиперссылка) на AKBOXING.RU обязательна.   Rambler's Top100 Яндекс цитирования
__label__cc [{"command":"settings","settings":{"basePath":"\/","pathPrefix":"fr\/","setHasJsCookie":0,"ajaxPageState":{"theme":"tssks","theme_token":"CFQ_oen1EAJeqMIBwHoU--ycx1mr5aq8zqqdpwmJOO8"}},"merge":true},{"command":"insert","method":"html","selector":"#bouton_afficher_plus698c21775db69","data":null,"settings":null},{"command":"insert","method":"html","selector":"#liste_container698c21775db69","data":"\u003Csection id=\u0022liste_container698c21775db69\u0022 class=\u0022liste-notices node-liste-container\u0022\u003E\n\n \u003Ch2 class=\u0022h1-like recherche-titre\u0022\u003E\n \u003Ci class=\u0022icon-search icon-large\u0022\u003E\u003C\/i\u003E Rechercher dans les collections\n\u003C\/h2\u003E\n\u003Cdiv class=\u0022recherche-collections-container clearfix\u0022\u003E\n\n \u003Cform id=\u0022recherche-collections\u0022 class=\u0022recherche-collections\u0022\u003E\n\n \u003Cdiv class=\u0022recherche-ligne-1 clearfix\u0022\u003E\n \u003Cdiv class=\u0022recherche-element \u0022\u003E\n \u003Clabel for=\u0022recherche-musee\u0022 class=\u0022h4-like\u0022\u003ELocalisation\u003C\/label\u003E\n \u003Cselect id=\u0022recherche-musee\u0022 name=\u0022recherche-musee\u0022\n onchange=\u0022Drupal.behaviors.ssks.collectionRechercheMusee(this);return false;\u0022\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00220\u0022 \u003ETous\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u002217\u0022 \u003EMuseu Paraense Emilio Goeldi\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022166\u0022 \u003EStichting Surinaams Museum \u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022174\u0022 \u003EMus\u00e9e des Cultures Guyanaises\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221323\u0022 \u003EMus\u00e9e Alexandre-Franconie\u003C\/option\u003E\n\n \u003C\/select\u003E\n \u003C\/div\u003E\n \u003Cdiv class=\u0022recherche-element \u0022\u003E\n \u003Clabel for=\u0022denomination\u0022 class=\u0022h4-like\u0022\u003ED\u00e9nomination\u003C\/label\u003E\n \u003Cinput id=\u0022denomination\u0022 name=\u0022denomination\u0022 type=\u0022text\u0022 placeholder=\u0022...\u0022 value=\u0022\u0022\n onblur=\u0022if (this.value==\u0027\u0027) Drupal.behaviors.ssks.collectionRechercheDenomination(\u0027\u0027,0); \u0022\n onkeydown=\u0022if (event.keyCode==13) { return false; }\u0022\n onkeyup=\u0022if (event.keyCode==13) { if (this.value==\u0027\u0027) Drupal.behaviors.ssks.collectionRechercheDenomination(\u0027\u0027,0); jQuery(\u0027#collection_bt\u0027)[0].click(); return false; }\u0022 \/\u003E\n \u003C\/div\u003E\n \u003Cdiv class=\u0022recherche-element hidden\u0022\u003E\n \u003Clabel for=\u0022domaine\u0022 class=\u0022h4-like\u0022\u003EDomaine\u003C\/label\u003E\n \u003Cselect id=\u0022domaine\u0022 name=\u0022domaine\u0022\n onchange=\u0022Drupal.behaviors.ssks.collectionRechercheDomaine(this);return false;\u0022\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00220\u0022\u003ETous\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221609\u0022 \u003Eaarrewerk\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022400\u0022 \u003Eagriculture , \u00e9levage\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221845\u0022 \u003Eagriculture - \u00e9levage\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022583\u0022 \u003EAlbums\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221163\u0022 \u003EAmerica do Sul\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221164\u0022 \u003EAmer\u00edndia\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u002246\u0022 \u003Eam\u00e9rindien\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221093\u0022 \u003EAm\u00e9rique du Sud\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022404\u0022 \u003Eameublement\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022505\u0022 \u003Eanthropologie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022587\u0022 \u003EAppareils\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022509\u0022 \u003Earch\u00e9ologie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022513\u0022 \u003Earchitecture\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022248\u0022 \u003Earmurerie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022252\u0022 \u003Eart mobilier\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022256\u0022 \u003Eart pari\u00e9tal\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221923\u0022 \u003Eartisanat\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022408\u0022 \u003Eartisanat , industrie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u002245\u0022 \u003Eartisanat - industrie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022452\u0022 \u003Ebaln\u00e9aire\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022471\u0022 \u003Ebatellerie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022517\u0022 \u003Ebeaux,arts\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022611\u0022 \u003EBois\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022553\u0022 \u003Ebotanique\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022260\u0022 \u003Ebroderie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221648\u0022 \u003EBushinenger\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022521\u0022 \u003Ecartes , plans\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022264\u0022 \u003Ec\u00e9ramique\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022412\u0022 \u003Echasse , p\u00eache , cueillette\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221251\u0022 \u003Echasse - p\u00eache - cueillette\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022268\u0022 \u003Echaudronnerie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022372\u0022 \u003Ecollier\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022416\u0022 \u003Ecommerce , \u00e9conomie \u2013 finances\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022420\u0022 \u003Econstruction\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022424\u0022 \u003Ecostume , accessoires du costume\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221101\u0022 \u003Ecostume - accessoires du costume\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022428\u0022 \u003Ecroyances , coutumes\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221097\u0022 \u003Ecroyances - coutumes\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022525\u0022 \u003Edesign\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022272\u0022 \u003Edessin\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022595\u0022 \u003EDiapositives\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022276\u0022 \u003Edinanderie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022599\u0022 \u003EDocuments\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022280\u0022 \u003E\u00e9b\u00e9nisterie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022432\u0022 \u003E\u00e9nergie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022436\u0022 \u003Eenseignement\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022440\u0022 \u003Eenvironnement\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022529\u0022 \u003E\u00e9pigraphie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022284\u0022 \u003Eestampe\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u002243\u0022 \u003Eethnologie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221926\u0022 \u003EEtnologia - America do Sul - Amer\u00edndia\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022557\u0022 \u003Efaune\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022288\u0022 \u003Eferronnerie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022561\u0022 \u003Eg\u00e9ologie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022292\u0022 \u003Eglyptique\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022537\u0022 \u003Ehistoire\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022296\u0022 \u003Ehorlogerie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022444\u0022 \u003Ehygi\u00e8ne , m\u00e9decine , sant\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022579\u0022 \u003EImages\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022300\u0022 \u003Eimprim\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022304\u0022 \u003Eindustrie lithique\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u002244\u0022 \u003Eindustrie osseuse\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022312\u0022 \u003Eivoirerie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022448\u0022 \u003Ejeux , sports , loisirs\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221836\u0022 \u003Ejeux - sports - loisirs\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022316\u0022 \u003Ejoaillerie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221576\u0022 \u003EKunstnijverheid\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022320\u0022 \u003Elutherie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022324\u0022 \u003Emanuscrit\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022475\u0022 \u003Emarine\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022328\u0022 \u003Emenuiserie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022332\u0022 \u003Em\u00e9tallurgie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022455\u0022 \u003Em\u00e9trologie , instruments de mesure\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022565\u0022 \u003Emin\u00e9ralogie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022336\u0022 \u003Eminiature\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022340\u0022 \u003Emosa\u00efque\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022459\u0022 \u003Emusique , chant , danse\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221092\u0022 \u003Emusique - chant - danse\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022615\u0022 \u003EN\u00e9gatifs photo\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221272\u0022 \u003Enoir marron\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022541\u0022 \u003Enumismatique\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022348\u0022 \u003Eorf\u00e8vrerie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022569\u0022 \u003Epal\u00e9ontologie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022352\u0022 \u003Epeinture\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022356\u0022 \u003Eperlage\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022603\u0022 \u003EPharmacie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022545\u0022 \u003Ephilat\u00e9lie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022360\u0022 \u003Ephotographie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022364\u0022 \u003Eplumasserie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022500\u0022 \u003Epr\u00e9colombien\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221544\u0022 \u003Eschaal\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022549\u0022 \u003Esciences naturelles\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022573\u0022 \u003Esciences \u2013 techniques\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022368\u0022 \u003Esculpture\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022591\u0022 \u003ESon\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022463\u0022 \u003Espectacle , f\u00eate\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022376\u0022 \u003Etapisserie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022380\u0022 \u003Etextile\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022396\u0022 \u003Eth\u00e9\u00e2tre d\u0027ombres\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022467\u0022 \u003Etransports , communications\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022384\u0022 \u003Evannerie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022607\u0022 \u003EVerre\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022388\u0022 \u003Everrerie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022619\u0022 \u003EVid\u00e9o\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022479\u0022 \u003Evie domestique\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022483\u0022 \u003Evie militaire\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022487\u0022 \u003Evie politique , administrative\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022491\u0022 \u003Evie professionnelle\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022495\u0022 \u003Evie sociale , culturelle\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022392\u0022 \u003Evitrail\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022344\u0022 \u003E\u0153uvre en 3 dimensions\u003C\/option\u003E\n\n \u003C\/select\u003E\n \u003C\/div\u003E\n \u003Cdiv class=\u0022recherche-element collect-filter-changed hidden\u0022\u003E\n \u003Clabel for=\u0022technique\u0022 class=\u0022h4-like\u0022\u003ETechnique\u003C\/label\u003E\n \u003Cselect id=\u0022technique\u0022 name=\u0022technique\u0022\n onchange=\u0022Drupal.behaviors.ssks.collectionRechercheTechnique(this);return false;\u0022\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00220\u0022\u003EToutes\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222121\u0022 \u003EAcordelado\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222034\u0022 \u003EAmarra\u00e7\u00e3o\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221857\u0022 \u003Eapplication des plumes\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221858\u0022 \u003Eapplication du coton.\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222118\u0022 \u003EArmazenagem\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221522\u0022 \u003Ebinden\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222086\u0022 \u003ECer\u00e2mica acordelada\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222017\u0022 \u003EColagem e amarra\u00e7\u00e3o\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222006\u0022 \u003ECouro curtido\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221860\u0022 \u003Ed\u00e9bitage en lames\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221822\u0022 \u003Ed\u00e9cor encoch\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221821\u0022 \u003Ed\u00e9cor racl\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222102\u0022 \u003EDobradura\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222039\u0022 \u003EDobradura e costura\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222012\u0022 \u003EEmbutimento de pedrinha\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222099\u0022 \u003EEnfiado\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222019\u0022 \u003EEnfiadura\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222075\u0022 \u003EEsculpido\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221972\u0022 \u003Efarpada\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221509\u0022 \u003Egenaaid\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221550\u0022 \u003Egeverfd\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221478\u0022 \u003Egevlochten\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221480\u0022 \u003Ehandgesneden\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221450\u0022 \u003Ehandgevormd\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222041\u0022 \u003EInserido e amarrados\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221557\u0022 \u003Eloskloppen\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221823\u0022 \u003Emodel\u00e9s-appliqu\u00e9s\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222088\u0022 \u003EMoldado\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222044\u0022 \u003EMontagem\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221949\u0022 \u003EPlum\u00e1ria\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222078\u0022 \u003ERecortado\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222080\u0022 \u003ERecortado e gravado\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221473\u0022 \u003Erijgen\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221499\u0022 \u003Eschildertechnieken\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221850\u0022 \u003Esci\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221518\u0022 \u003Espinnen\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221687\u0022 \u003Etechnique textile\/ tissu\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222026\u0022 \u003ETecida\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222013\u0022 \u003ETecida com fia\u00e7\u00e3o\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222027\u0022 \u003ETecido\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221546\u0022 \u003Etextielbewerking\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221859\u0022 \u003Etorsion de la corde\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221651\u0022 \u003ETran\u00e7ado\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222095\u0022 \u003ETran\u00e7ado cruzado quadricular\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221958\u0022 \u003ETran\u00e7ado sarjado\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221519\u0022 \u003Etwijnen\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221483\u0022 \u003Evlechten\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221506\u0022 selected\u003Eweven\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022623\u0022 \u003Eadorno\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022625\u0022 \u003Eajour\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022628\u0022 \u003Eapplication\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221317\u0022 \u003Eapplication des plumes.\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022631\u0022 \u003Eassemblage\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221333\u0022 \u003Eassembl\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u002241\u0022 \u003Eassembl\u00e9s\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022634\u0022 \u003Eattach\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022637\u0022 \u003Ebattu\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022640\u0022 \u003Ebouchardage\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022641\u0022 \u003Ebouilli\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022644\u0022 \u003Ebrod\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022648\u0022 \u003Ebrod\u00e9 \u00e0 la main\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022651\u0022 \u003Ebroy\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022654\u0022 \u003Ecannage\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022657\u0022 \u003Ec\u00e9ment\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022660\u0022 \u003Ec\u00e9ramique\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022664\u0022 \u003Echamotte\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022667\u0022 \u003Eclou\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022670\u0022 \u003Ecollage\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221096\u0022 \u003Ecoll\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022674\u0022 \u003Ecolor\u00e9 naturel\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022678\u0022 \u003Ecoup\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022681\u0022 \u003Ecousu\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022684\u0022 \u003Ecousu \u00e0 la machine\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022687\u0022 \u003Ecousu \u00e0 la main\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022690\u0022 \u003Ecreus\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022693\u0022 \u003Ecrochet\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022696\u0022 \u003Ecuit\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022707\u0022 \u003Ed\u00e9bit\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022710\u0022 \u003Ed\u00e9bourr\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022713\u0022 \u003Ed\u00e9cor\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022716\u0022 \u003Ed\u00e9cor\u00e9 \u00e0 la molette\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022718\u0022 \u003Ed\u00e9cor\u00e9 au poin\u00e7on\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022721\u0022 \u003Ed\u00e9cor\u00e9 par impression\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022724\u0022 \u003Ed\u00e9cor\u00e9 par incisions\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022727\u0022 \u003Ed\u00e9coup\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022730\u0022 \u003Ed\u00e9coup\u00e9 en lani\u00e8res\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022733\u0022 \u003Ed\u00e9grossi\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022736\u0022 \u003Ed\u00e9noyaut\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022739\u0022 \u003Edessin\u00e9 \u00e0 la plume\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022742\u0022 \u003Ed\u00e9tach\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022745\u0022 \u003Ed\u00e9tour\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221243\u0022 \u003EEbullition des folioles\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221228\u0022 \u003EEmpluma\u00e7\u00e3o\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022748\u0022 \u003Eencadr\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022751\u0022 \u003Eencoch\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022754\u0022 \u003Eenduit\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u002242\u0022 \u003Eenduite\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221395\u0022 \u003Eenfil\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022757\u0022 \u003Eenfum\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022760\u0022 \u003Eengobe rouge\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022763\u0022 \u003Eenroul\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221223\u0022 \u003EEntalhe\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022766\u0022 \u003Eentour\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022769\u0022 \u003E\u00e9vid\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022772\u0022 \u003Eexcis\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022775\u0022 \u003Efabrication industrielle\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022778\u0022 \u003Efabriqu\u00e9 \u00e0 la machine\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022781\u0022 \u003Efa\u00e7onn\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022789\u0022 \u003Efa\u00e7onn\u00e9 \u00e0 la plaque\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022784\u0022 \u003Efa\u00e7onn\u00e9 au colombin\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022786\u0022 \u003Efa\u00e7onn\u00e9 au moule\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022791\u0022 \u003Efa\u00efence\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022794\u0022 \u003Efait \u00e0 la machine\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022797\u0022 \u003Efait \u00e0 la main\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022800\u0022 \u003Efil\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022804\u0022 \u003Efix\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022807\u0022 \u003Eforg\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022810\u0022 \u003Eglac\u00e9 au plomb\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022813\u0022 \u003Eglac\u00e9 au sel\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022819\u0022 \u003Egrav\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022816\u0022 \u003Egrav\u00e9 sur bois\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221150\u0022 \u003Ehoutbewerking\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022822\u0022 \u003Eimprim\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022825\u0022 \u003Eincis\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022828\u0022 \u003Eincis\u00e9 pointe fine\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022829\u0022 \u003Eincis\u00e9 pointe mousse\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022831\u0022 \u003Eins\u00e9r\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022834\u0022 \u003Eli\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022837\u0022 \u003Eligatur\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022840\u0022 \u003Elim\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022843\u0022 \u003Emanuscrit\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022846\u0022 \u003Emartel\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022849\u0022 \u003Emodel\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022853\u0022 \u003Emodel\u00e9-appliqu\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022854\u0022 \u003Emont\u00e9 au colombin\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022856\u0022 \u003Emont\u00e9 au tour\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022857\u0022 \u003Emont\u00e9 sur chassis\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022859\u0022 \u003Emoul\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022862\u0022 \u003Enou\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022866\u0022 \u003Epeint\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022869\u0022 \u003Epeint en n\u00e9gatif\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022871\u0022 \u003Eperc\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022874\u0022 \u003Epercussion directe\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022875\u0022 \u003Eperfor\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022878\u0022 \u003Ep\u00e9tri\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022881\u0022 \u003Epil\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022884\u0022 \u003Epiquet\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022886\u0022 \u003Eplant\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022888\u0022 \u003Epli\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022891\u0022 \u003Epoint de croix\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022894\u0022 \u003Epoli\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022897\u0022 \u003Eporcelaine\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022900\u0022 \u003Epr\u00e9cuit\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022903\u0022 \u003Epyrograv\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022906\u0022 \u003Eracl\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022909\u0022 \u003Er\u00e9colt\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022912\u0022 \u003Erefendu\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022915\u0022 \u003Ereli\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022918\u0022 \u003Esculpt\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022921\u0022 \u003Esculpt\u00e9 au couteau\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022924\u0022 \u003Es\u00e9ch\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022927\u0022 \u003Esouffl\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022930\u0022 \u003Etaill\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022933\u0022 \u003Etann\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022936\u0022 \u003Etechique de fabrication du li\u00e8ge\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022939\u0022 \u003Etechnique artisanale\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022942\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication d\u0027arme\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022960\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication de l\u0027acier\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022963\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication de l\u0027aluminium\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022966\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication de l\u0027argent\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022969\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication de l\u0027\u00e9lectro-m\u00e9nager\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022972\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication de l\u0027horloge\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022975\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication de l\u0027inox\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022978\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication de l\u0027ivoire\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022945\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication de la c\u00e9ramique\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022948\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication de la confection\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022951\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication de la fonte\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022954\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication de la lunette\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022957\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication de la papeterie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022981\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication des bijoux\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022984\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication des m\u00e9taux\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022987\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication des monnaies\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022990\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication du bagage\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022993\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication du bois\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022996\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication du cuivre\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022999\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication du fer\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221002\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication du gr\u00e8s\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221005\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication du marbre\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221008\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication du plastique\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221011\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication du verre\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221023\u0022 \u003Etechnique de l\u0027argile\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221026\u0022 \u003Etechnique de l\u0027\u00e9benisterie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221029\u0022 \u003Etechnique de l\u0027encadrement\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221032\u0022 \u003Etechnique de l\u0027imprimerie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221014\u0022 \u003Etechnique de la forge\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221017\u0022 \u003Etechnique de la menuiserie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221020\u0022 \u003Etechnique de la vannerie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221035\u0022 \u003Etechnique des m\u00e9taux chrom\u00e9s\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221038\u0022 \u003Etechnique industrielle\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221041\u0022 \u003Etechnique mixte\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221102\u0022 \u003Etechnique peaux_cuir\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221044\u0022 \u003Etechnique semi-industrielle\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221162\u0022 \u003ET\u00e9cnica mista\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221047\u0022 \u003Eteint\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221050\u0022 \u003Etendu\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221107\u0022 \u003Evannerie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221072\u0022 \u003Everniss\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221053\u0022 \u003Etiss\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221057\u0022 \u003Etordu\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221095\u0022 \u003Etorsad\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221060\u0022 \u003Etourn\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221098\u0022 \u003ETissage\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221063\u0022 \u003Etram\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221066\u0022 \u003Etress\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221069\u0022 \u003Etrou\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221338\u0022 \u003Etextile\u003C\/option\u003E\n\n \u003C\/select\u003E\n \u003C\/div\u003E\n \u003C\/div\u003E\n \u003Cdiv class=\u0022clearfix\u0022\u003E\n \u003Cdiv class=\u0022submit-element\u0022\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=698c21775db69\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=0\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=0\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 id=\u0022reinit_bt\u0022 class=\u0022use-ajax bouton inverse\u0022 \u003E\n \u003Ci class=\u0022icon-undo\u0022\u003E\u003C\/i\u003E R\u00e9initialiser\n \u003C\/a\u003E\n\n\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=698c21775db69\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1673\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1506\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 id=\u0022collection_bt\u0022 class=\u0022use-ajax bouton primary visuallyhidden\u0022 \u003E\u003Ci class=\u0022icon-circle-arrow-right\u0022\u003E\u003C\/i\u003E Rechercher\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003C\/div\u003E\n\n \u003Cdiv class=\u0022groupe-culturel-element collect-filter-changed\u0022\u003E\n \u003Clabel class=\u0022h4-like\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel\u003C\/label\u003E\n \u003C!-- \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=698c21775db69\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1394\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1506\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003ETous\u003C\/a\u003E --\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=698c21775db69\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=0\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1506\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003ETous\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=698c21775db69\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=2008\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1506\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003E?\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=698c21775db69\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1680\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1506\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EAluku\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=698c21775db69\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1817\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1506\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EAm\u00e9rindien\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=698c21775db69\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=2116\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1506\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EBosneger\/marron\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=698c21775db69\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=2060\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1506\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003ECr\u00e9ole\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=698c21775db69\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=2056\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1506\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003Eeurop\u00e9en\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=698c21775db69\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=2068\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1506\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EGalibi Marworno\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=698c21775db69\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=2070\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1506\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EGalibi Marworno (Kumarum\u00e3)\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=698c21775db69\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=2049\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1506\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EHmong\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=698c21775db69\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=2032\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1506\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EKaxuiana\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=698c21775db69\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1784\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1506\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EKoriabo\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=698c21775db69\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1688\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1506\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003ETeko (Em\u00e9rillon)\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=698c21775db69\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1672\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1506\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EWai Wai\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=698c21775db69\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1970\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1506\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EWaj\u00e3pi\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=698c21775db69\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=2073\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1506\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EWayana ( Oayana )\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=698c21775db69\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=2016\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1506\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EWayana (Ayana)\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=698c21775db69\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=2028\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1506\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EWayana Aparai\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=698c21775db69\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1880\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1506\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EWayana ou Apalai\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=698c21775db69\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1217\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1506\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003ESaramaka\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=698c21775db69\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1673\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1506\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton active use-ajax\u0022\u003EYekuana\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=698c21775db69\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1650\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1506\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EKaxuyana\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=698c21775db69\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1653\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1506\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003ETirio\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=698c21775db69\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=40\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1506\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EWayana\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=698c21775db69\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1659\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1506\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EKaripuna\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=698c21775db69\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1449\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1506\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EIndiaans\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=698c21775db69\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1291\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1506\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EParikwene (Palikur)\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=698c21775db69\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=18\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1506\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EWay\u00e3pi\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=698c21775db69\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1427\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1506\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EBushinenge\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=698c21775db69\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1322\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1506\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003ENdjuka\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=698c21775db69\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1411\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1506\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EApalai\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=698c21775db69\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1394\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1506\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EKali\u00f1a (Galibi)\u003C\/a\u003E\n\n \u003C\/div\u003E\n \u003C\/div\u003E\n \u003Chr\/\u003E\n \u003C\/form\u003E\n\n \u003Cdiv class=\u0022recherche-resultats\u0022\u003E\n \u003C!--\n \u003Cspan class=\u0022h3-like highlight\u0022\u003E\u003Cstrong\u003ELes 20 derni\u00e8res notices\u003C\/strong\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\n \u003Cspan\u003E(dont 4 non g\u00e9olocalis\u00e9s)\u003C\/span\u003E\n --\u003E\n \u003Cspan class=\u0022h3-like highlight\u0022\u003E\u003Cstrong\u003EAucun r\u00e9sultat\u003C\/strong\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\n \n \u003Cbr\/\u003E\n \u003Cspan class=\u0022h4-like\u0022\u003EPour \u0022Yekuana\u0022 + \u0022weven\u0022\u003C\/h4\u003E\n \u003C\/div\u003E\n\u003C\/div\u003E\n\u003Cscript type=\u0022text\/javascript\u0022\u003E\n\u003C!--\nfunction initAutocomplete(){\n jQuery(\u0027#denomination\u0027).autocomplete({\n serviceUrl:\u0027\/fr\/autocomplete\/denominations\u0027,\n delimiter: \/(,|;)\\s*\/,\n maxHeight:400, zIndex: 9999, deferRequestBy: 0, noCache: true,\n onSelect: function(value, data){\n Drupal.behaviors.ssks.collectionRechercheDenomination(value,data);\n },\n });\n}\nsetTimeout(\u0027initAutocomplete()\u0027,250);\n\/\/ --\u003E\n\u003C\/script\u003E\n\n\n \n\n\n\n\u003Cdiv id=\u0022selector\u0022 class=\u0022liste-affichage clearfix\u0022\u003E\n \u003Ca class=\u0022 affichage-mosaique-bouton sprite-ir use-ajax\u0022\n href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=mosaique\u0026uniqID=698c21775db69\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1673\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1506\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 title=\u0022Vue Mosa\u00efque\u0022\u003EMosa\u00efque\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca class=\u0022 affichage-liste-bouton sprite-ir use-ajax\u0022\n href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=liste\u0026uniqID=698c21775db69\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1673\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1506\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 title=\u0022Vue Liste\u0022\u003EListe\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca class=\u0022active affichage-carte-bouton sprite-ir use-ajax\u0022\n href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=698c21775db69\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1673\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1506\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 title=\u0022Vue Carte\u0022\u003ECarte\u003C\/a\u003E\n\n\u003C\/div\u003E\n\n\n \u003Cdiv class=\u0022node-liste node-module vue-carte clearfix\u0022 id=\u0022afficher_plus698c21775db69\u0022\u003E\n \u003Cscript src=\u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/js\/markerclusterer.js\u0022\u003E\u003C\/script\u003E\n\n\u003Cscript type=\u0022text\/javascript\u0022\u003E\n\/* \u003C![CDATA[ *\/\n\nvar allmaps = allmaps || [];\n\nvar markers = [];\n\nfunction loadGoogleAPIListe(callback)\n{\n $.getScript(\u0027http:\/\/maps.googleapis.com\/maps\/api\/js?key=AIzaSyB9Y9zZgXDOMTKLuqel8cDuXGSAbyobGHQ\u0026callback=\u0027+callback, function(){});\n}\n\nfunction initializeListe(mapID,center_lat,center_lng){\n var myLatlng = new google.maps.LatLng(center_lat,center_lng);\n\n var myOptions = {\n zoom: 6,\n center: myLatlng,\n scrollwheel : false,\n mapTypeId: google.maps.MapTypeId.ROADMAP\n };\n\n allmaps[mapID] = new google.maps.Map(document.getElementById(mapID), myOptions);\n\n var d = new Date();\n\n var urlkml = \u0027http:\/\/\u0027 + location.hostname + \u0027\/fr\/\u0027 +\n \u0027get_territoire_conteste?r=\u0027 + d.getTime() ;\n\n var georssLayer = new google.maps.KmlLayer(urlkml,\n {\n suppressInfoWindows: false,\n preserveViewport: true\n });\n\n georssLayer.setMap(allmaps[mapID]);\n\n allmaps[mapID].ourMarkers = [];\n}\n\n\/\/ Ajoute un marqueur sur la carte :\nfunction addPointListe(mapID,aLatlng,title,aContentString,iconimage,asSlider) {\n if (asSlider == undefined) asSlider=false;\n if (aLatlng.lat==\u0027\u0027||aLatlng.lng==\u0027\u0027) {return; }\n if (aLatlng.lat==0 \u0026\u0026 aLatlng.lng==0) {return; }\n var myLatlng = new google.maps.LatLng(aLatlng.lat,aLatlng.lng) ;\n\n var obj = {\n position: myLatlng,\n title:title\n }\n\n \/\/var image = \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur-agence.png\u0022;\n if (iconimage != undefined)\n {\n obj.icon = iconimage ;\n }\n\n var a_marker = new google.maps.Marker(obj);\n markers.push(a_marker);\n \/\/\n\n a_marker.setMap(allmaps[mapID]);\n\n var htmlContent = \u0027\u0027;\n htmlContent = \u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022bubblemap-container\u0022\u003E\u0027+aContentString+\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027;\n\n var infowindow = new google.maps.InfoWindow({content: htmlContent});\n google.maps.event.addListener(a_marker, \u0027click\u0027, function() {\n closeAllWindowsListe(mapID);\n infowindow.open(allmaps[mapID], a_marker);\n jQuery(\u0027.slider-carte\u0027).flexslider(Drupal.behaviors.ssks.paramSliderCarte);\n\n });\n\n allmaps[mapID].ourMarkers.push({marker:a_marker,infowin:infowindow});\n\n \/\/ map.setCenter(myLatlng);\n var bounds = new google.maps.LatLngBounds();\n for (var i=0;i\u003Callmaps[mapID].ourMarkers.length;i++){\n bounds.extend(allmaps[mapID].ourMarkers[i].marker.position);\n }\n var ne = bounds.getNorthEast();\n var sw = bounds.getSouthWest();\n if (ne.lat()==sw.lat() \u0026\u0026 ne.lng()==sw.lng()){\n allmaps[mapID].setCenter(ne);\n allmaps[mapID].setZoom(8);\n }else{\n allmaps[mapID].fitBounds(bounds);\n }\n}\n\n\/\/ Retire tous les marqueurs de la carte :\nfunction removePointsListe(mapID){\n for (var i = 0 ; i \u003C allmaps[mapID].ourMarkers.length ; i++){\n allmaps[mapID].ourMarkers[i].marker.setMap(null);\n }\n}\n\n\/\/ Ferme les fen\u00eatres ouvertes de la carte :\nfunction closeAllWindowsListe(mapID){\n for (var i = 0 ; i \u003C allmaps[mapID].ourMarkers.length ; i++){\n allmaps[mapID].ourMarkers[i].infowin.setMap(null);\n }\n}\n\n\/* ]]\u003E *\/\n\u003C\/script\u003E\n\n\n\u003Cdiv class=\u0022google-maps-container isotope-item\u0022\u003E\n \u003Cdiv id=\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022 class=\u0022google-maps-container\u0022\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\n\u003C\/div\u003E\n\n\u003Cscript type=\u0022text\/javascript\u0022\u003E\n function makemapListe()\n {\n initializeListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022, 6, -57);\n\n \n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n\n var markerCluster = new MarkerClusterer(allmaps[\u0027map_canvas_liste\u0027], markers);\n\n }\n loadGoogleAPIListe(\u0027makemapListe\u0027);\n\u003C\/script\u003E\n\n\n\n\n \u003C\/div\u003E\n \u003Cdiv id=\u0022bouton_afficher_plus698c21775db69\u0022\u003E\n \n \u003C\/div\u003E\n\u003C\/section\u003E\u003C!-- div_global --\u003E\n\n\n\n\n","settings":null}]
__label__cc [{"command":"settings","settings":{"basePath":"\/","pathPrefix":"fr\/","setHasJsCookie":0,"ajaxPageState":{"theme":"tssks","theme_token":"ONJFWvVl7i82a9qR_IV7Fp6BzLoX5uRUwy3RyoRNSpw"}},"merge":true},{"command":"insert","method":"html","selector":"#bouton_afficher_plus6990dbd43e60b","data":null,"settings":null},{"command":"insert","method":"html","selector":"#liste_container6990dbd43e60b","data":"\u003Csection id=\u0022liste_container6990dbd43e60b\u0022 class=\u0022liste-notices node-liste-container\u0022\u003E\n\n \u003Ch2 class=\u0022h1-like recherche-titre\u0022\u003E\n \u003Ci class=\u0022icon-search icon-large\u0022\u003E\u003C\/i\u003E Rechercher dans les collections\n\u003C\/h2\u003E\n\u003Cdiv class=\u0022recherche-collections-container clearfix\u0022\u003E\n\n \u003Cform id=\u0022recherche-collections\u0022 class=\u0022recherche-collections\u0022\u003E\n\n \u003Cdiv class=\u0022recherche-ligne-1 clearfix\u0022\u003E\n \u003Cdiv class=\u0022recherche-element \u0022\u003E\n \u003Clabel for=\u0022recherche-musee\u0022 class=\u0022h4-like\u0022\u003ELocalisation\u003C\/label\u003E\n \u003Cselect id=\u0022recherche-musee\u0022 name=\u0022recherche-musee\u0022\n onchange=\u0022Drupal.behaviors.ssks.collectionRechercheMusee(this);return false;\u0022\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00220\u0022 \u003ETous\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u002217\u0022 \u003EMuseu Paraense Emilio Goeldi\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022166\u0022 \u003EStichting Surinaams Museum \u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022174\u0022 \u003EMus\u00e9e des Cultures Guyanaises\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221323\u0022 \u003EMus\u00e9e Alexandre-Franconie\u003C\/option\u003E\n\n \u003C\/select\u003E\n \u003C\/div\u003E\n \u003Cdiv class=\u0022recherche-element \u0022\u003E\n \u003Clabel for=\u0022denomination\u0022 class=\u0022h4-like\u0022\u003ED\u00e9nomination\u003C\/label\u003E\n \u003Cinput id=\u0022denomination\u0022 name=\u0022denomination\u0022 type=\u0022text\u0022 placeholder=\u0022...\u0022 value=\u0022\u0022\n onblur=\u0022if (this.value==\u0027\u0027) Drupal.behaviors.ssks.collectionRechercheDenomination(\u0027\u0027,0); \u0022\n onkeydown=\u0022if (event.keyCode==13) { return false; }\u0022\n onkeyup=\u0022if (event.keyCode==13) { if (this.value==\u0027\u0027) Drupal.behaviors.ssks.collectionRechercheDenomination(\u0027\u0027,0); jQuery(\u0027#collection_bt\u0027)[0].click(); return false; }\u0022 \/\u003E\n \u003C\/div\u003E\n \u003Cdiv class=\u0022recherche-element hidden\u0022\u003E\n \u003Clabel for=\u0022domaine\u0022 class=\u0022h4-like\u0022\u003EDomaine\u003C\/label\u003E\n \u003Cselect id=\u0022domaine\u0022 name=\u0022domaine\u0022\n onchange=\u0022Drupal.behaviors.ssks.collectionRechercheDomaine(this);return false;\u0022\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00220\u0022\u003ETous\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221609\u0022 \u003Eaarrewerk\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022400\u0022 \u003Eagriculture , \u00e9levage\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221845\u0022 \u003Eagriculture - \u00e9levage\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022583\u0022 \u003EAlbums\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221163\u0022 \u003EAmerica do Sul\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221164\u0022 \u003EAmer\u00edndia\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u002246\u0022 \u003Eam\u00e9rindien\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221093\u0022 \u003EAm\u00e9rique du Sud\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022404\u0022 \u003Eameublement\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022505\u0022 \u003Eanthropologie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022587\u0022 \u003EAppareils\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022509\u0022 \u003Earch\u00e9ologie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022513\u0022 \u003Earchitecture\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022248\u0022 \u003Earmurerie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022252\u0022 \u003Eart mobilier\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022256\u0022 \u003Eart pari\u00e9tal\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221923\u0022 \u003Eartisanat\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022408\u0022 \u003Eartisanat , industrie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u002245\u0022 \u003Eartisanat - industrie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022452\u0022 \u003Ebaln\u00e9aire\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022471\u0022 \u003Ebatellerie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022517\u0022 \u003Ebeaux,arts\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022611\u0022 \u003EBois\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022553\u0022 \u003Ebotanique\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022260\u0022 \u003Ebroderie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221648\u0022 \u003EBushinenger\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022521\u0022 \u003Ecartes , plans\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022264\u0022 \u003Ec\u00e9ramique\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022412\u0022 \u003Echasse , p\u00eache , cueillette\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221251\u0022 \u003Echasse - p\u00eache - cueillette\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022268\u0022 \u003Echaudronnerie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022372\u0022 \u003Ecollier\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022416\u0022 \u003Ecommerce , \u00e9conomie \u2013 finances\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022420\u0022 \u003Econstruction\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022424\u0022 \u003Ecostume , accessoires du costume\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221101\u0022 \u003Ecostume - accessoires du costume\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022428\u0022 \u003Ecroyances , coutumes\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221097\u0022 \u003Ecroyances - coutumes\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022525\u0022 \u003Edesign\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022272\u0022 \u003Edessin\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022595\u0022 \u003EDiapositives\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022276\u0022 \u003Edinanderie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022599\u0022 \u003EDocuments\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022280\u0022 \u003E\u00e9b\u00e9nisterie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022432\u0022 \u003E\u00e9nergie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022436\u0022 \u003Eenseignement\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022440\u0022 \u003Eenvironnement\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022529\u0022 \u003E\u00e9pigraphie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022284\u0022 \u003Eestampe\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u002243\u0022 \u003Eethnologie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221926\u0022 \u003EEtnologia - America do Sul - Amer\u00edndia\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022557\u0022 \u003Efaune\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022288\u0022 \u003Eferronnerie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022561\u0022 \u003Eg\u00e9ologie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022292\u0022 \u003Eglyptique\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022537\u0022 \u003Ehistoire\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022296\u0022 \u003Ehorlogerie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022444\u0022 \u003Ehygi\u00e8ne , m\u00e9decine , sant\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022579\u0022 \u003EImages\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022300\u0022 \u003Eimprim\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022304\u0022 \u003Eindustrie lithique\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u002244\u0022 \u003Eindustrie osseuse\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022312\u0022 \u003Eivoirerie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022448\u0022 \u003Ejeux , sports , loisirs\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221836\u0022 \u003Ejeux - sports - loisirs\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022316\u0022 \u003Ejoaillerie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221576\u0022 \u003EKunstnijverheid\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022320\u0022 \u003Elutherie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022324\u0022 \u003Emanuscrit\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022475\u0022 \u003Emarine\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022328\u0022 \u003Emenuiserie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022332\u0022 \u003Em\u00e9tallurgie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022455\u0022 \u003Em\u00e9trologie , instruments de mesure\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022565\u0022 \u003Emin\u00e9ralogie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022336\u0022 \u003Eminiature\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022340\u0022 \u003Emosa\u00efque\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022459\u0022 \u003Emusique , chant , danse\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221092\u0022 \u003Emusique - chant - danse\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022615\u0022 \u003EN\u00e9gatifs photo\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221272\u0022 \u003Enoir marron\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022541\u0022 \u003Enumismatique\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022348\u0022 \u003Eorf\u00e8vrerie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022569\u0022 \u003Epal\u00e9ontologie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022352\u0022 \u003Epeinture\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022356\u0022 \u003Eperlage\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022603\u0022 \u003EPharmacie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022545\u0022 \u003Ephilat\u00e9lie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022360\u0022 \u003Ephotographie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022364\u0022 \u003Eplumasserie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022500\u0022 \u003Epr\u00e9colombien\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221544\u0022 \u003Eschaal\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022549\u0022 \u003Esciences naturelles\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022573\u0022 \u003Esciences \u2013 techniques\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022368\u0022 \u003Esculpture\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022591\u0022 \u003ESon\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022463\u0022 \u003Espectacle , f\u00eate\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022376\u0022 \u003Etapisserie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022380\u0022 \u003Etextile\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022396\u0022 \u003Eth\u00e9\u00e2tre d\u0027ombres\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022467\u0022 \u003Etransports , communications\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022384\u0022 \u003Evannerie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022607\u0022 \u003EVerre\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022388\u0022 \u003Everrerie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022619\u0022 \u003EVid\u00e9o\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022479\u0022 \u003Evie domestique\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022483\u0022 \u003Evie militaire\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022487\u0022 \u003Evie politique , administrative\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022491\u0022 \u003Evie professionnelle\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022495\u0022 \u003Evie sociale , culturelle\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022392\u0022 \u003Evitrail\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022344\u0022 \u003E\u0153uvre en 3 dimensions\u003C\/option\u003E\n\n \u003C\/select\u003E\n \u003C\/div\u003E\n \u003Cdiv class=\u0022recherche-element collect-filter-changed hidden\u0022\u003E\n \u003Clabel for=\u0022technique\u0022 class=\u0022h4-like\u0022\u003ETechnique\u003C\/label\u003E\n \u003Cselect id=\u0022technique\u0022 name=\u0022technique\u0022\n onchange=\u0022Drupal.behaviors.ssks.collectionRechercheTechnique(this);return false;\u0022\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00220\u0022\u003EToutes\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222121\u0022 \u003EAcordelado\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222034\u0022 \u003EAmarra\u00e7\u00e3o\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221857\u0022 \u003Eapplication des plumes\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221858\u0022 \u003Eapplication du coton.\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222118\u0022 \u003EArmazenagem\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221522\u0022 \u003Ebinden\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222086\u0022 \u003ECer\u00e2mica acordelada\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222017\u0022 \u003EColagem e amarra\u00e7\u00e3o\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222006\u0022 \u003ECouro curtido\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221860\u0022 \u003Ed\u00e9bitage en lames\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221822\u0022 \u003Ed\u00e9cor encoch\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221821\u0022 \u003Ed\u00e9cor racl\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222102\u0022 \u003EDobradura\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222039\u0022 \u003EDobradura e costura\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222012\u0022 \u003EEmbutimento de pedrinha\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222099\u0022 \u003EEnfiado\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222019\u0022 \u003EEnfiadura\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222075\u0022 \u003EEsculpido\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221972\u0022 \u003Efarpada\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221509\u0022 \u003Egenaaid\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221550\u0022 \u003Egeverfd\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221478\u0022 \u003Egevlochten\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221480\u0022 \u003Ehandgesneden\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221450\u0022 \u003Ehandgevormd\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222041\u0022 \u003EInserido e amarrados\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221557\u0022 \u003Eloskloppen\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221823\u0022 \u003Emodel\u00e9s-appliqu\u00e9s\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222088\u0022 \u003EMoldado\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222044\u0022 \u003EMontagem\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221949\u0022 \u003EPlum\u00e1ria\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222078\u0022 \u003ERecortado\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222080\u0022 \u003ERecortado e gravado\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221473\u0022 selected\u003Erijgen\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221499\u0022 \u003Eschildertechnieken\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221850\u0022 \u003Esci\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221518\u0022 \u003Espinnen\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221687\u0022 \u003Etechnique textile\/ tissu\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222026\u0022 \u003ETecida\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222013\u0022 \u003ETecida com fia\u00e7\u00e3o\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222027\u0022 \u003ETecido\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221546\u0022 \u003Etextielbewerking\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221859\u0022 \u003Etorsion de la corde\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221651\u0022 \u003ETran\u00e7ado\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00222095\u0022 \u003ETran\u00e7ado cruzado quadricular\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221958\u0022 \u003ETran\u00e7ado sarjado\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221519\u0022 \u003Etwijnen\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221483\u0022 \u003Evlechten\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221506\u0022 \u003Eweven\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022623\u0022 \u003Eadorno\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022625\u0022 \u003Eajour\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022628\u0022 \u003Eapplication\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221317\u0022 \u003Eapplication des plumes.\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022631\u0022 \u003Eassemblage\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221333\u0022 \u003Eassembl\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u002241\u0022 \u003Eassembl\u00e9s\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022634\u0022 \u003Eattach\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022637\u0022 \u003Ebattu\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022640\u0022 \u003Ebouchardage\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022641\u0022 \u003Ebouilli\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022644\u0022 \u003Ebrod\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022648\u0022 \u003Ebrod\u00e9 \u00e0 la main\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022651\u0022 \u003Ebroy\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022654\u0022 \u003Ecannage\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022657\u0022 \u003Ec\u00e9ment\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022660\u0022 \u003Ec\u00e9ramique\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022664\u0022 \u003Echamotte\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022667\u0022 \u003Eclou\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022670\u0022 \u003Ecollage\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221096\u0022 \u003Ecoll\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022674\u0022 \u003Ecolor\u00e9 naturel\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022678\u0022 \u003Ecoup\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022681\u0022 \u003Ecousu\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022684\u0022 \u003Ecousu \u00e0 la machine\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022687\u0022 \u003Ecousu \u00e0 la main\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022690\u0022 \u003Ecreus\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022693\u0022 \u003Ecrochet\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022696\u0022 \u003Ecuit\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022707\u0022 \u003Ed\u00e9bit\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022710\u0022 \u003Ed\u00e9bourr\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022713\u0022 \u003Ed\u00e9cor\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022716\u0022 \u003Ed\u00e9cor\u00e9 \u00e0 la molette\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022718\u0022 \u003Ed\u00e9cor\u00e9 au poin\u00e7on\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022721\u0022 \u003Ed\u00e9cor\u00e9 par impression\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022724\u0022 \u003Ed\u00e9cor\u00e9 par incisions\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022727\u0022 \u003Ed\u00e9coup\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022730\u0022 \u003Ed\u00e9coup\u00e9 en lani\u00e8res\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022733\u0022 \u003Ed\u00e9grossi\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022736\u0022 \u003Ed\u00e9noyaut\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022739\u0022 \u003Edessin\u00e9 \u00e0 la plume\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022742\u0022 \u003Ed\u00e9tach\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022745\u0022 \u003Ed\u00e9tour\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221243\u0022 \u003EEbullition des folioles\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221228\u0022 \u003EEmpluma\u00e7\u00e3o\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022748\u0022 \u003Eencadr\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022751\u0022 \u003Eencoch\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022754\u0022 \u003Eenduit\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u002242\u0022 \u003Eenduite\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221395\u0022 \u003Eenfil\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022757\u0022 \u003Eenfum\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022760\u0022 \u003Eengobe rouge\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022763\u0022 \u003Eenroul\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221223\u0022 \u003EEntalhe\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022766\u0022 \u003Eentour\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022769\u0022 \u003E\u00e9vid\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022772\u0022 \u003Eexcis\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022775\u0022 \u003Efabrication industrielle\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022778\u0022 \u003Efabriqu\u00e9 \u00e0 la machine\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022781\u0022 \u003Efa\u00e7onn\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022789\u0022 \u003Efa\u00e7onn\u00e9 \u00e0 la plaque\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022784\u0022 \u003Efa\u00e7onn\u00e9 au colombin\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022786\u0022 \u003Efa\u00e7onn\u00e9 au moule\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022791\u0022 \u003Efa\u00efence\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022794\u0022 \u003Efait \u00e0 la machine\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022797\u0022 \u003Efait \u00e0 la main\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022800\u0022 \u003Efil\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022804\u0022 \u003Efix\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022807\u0022 \u003Eforg\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022810\u0022 \u003Eglac\u00e9 au plomb\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022813\u0022 \u003Eglac\u00e9 au sel\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022819\u0022 \u003Egrav\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022816\u0022 \u003Egrav\u00e9 sur bois\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221150\u0022 \u003Ehoutbewerking\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022822\u0022 \u003Eimprim\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022825\u0022 \u003Eincis\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022828\u0022 \u003Eincis\u00e9 pointe fine\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022829\u0022 \u003Eincis\u00e9 pointe mousse\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022831\u0022 \u003Eins\u00e9r\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022834\u0022 \u003Eli\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022837\u0022 \u003Eligatur\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022840\u0022 \u003Elim\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022843\u0022 \u003Emanuscrit\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022846\u0022 \u003Emartel\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022849\u0022 \u003Emodel\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022853\u0022 \u003Emodel\u00e9-appliqu\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022854\u0022 \u003Emont\u00e9 au colombin\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022856\u0022 \u003Emont\u00e9 au tour\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022857\u0022 \u003Emont\u00e9 sur chassis\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022859\u0022 \u003Emoul\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022862\u0022 \u003Enou\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022866\u0022 \u003Epeint\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022869\u0022 \u003Epeint en n\u00e9gatif\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022871\u0022 \u003Eperc\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022874\u0022 \u003Epercussion directe\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022875\u0022 \u003Eperfor\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022878\u0022 \u003Ep\u00e9tri\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022881\u0022 \u003Epil\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022884\u0022 \u003Epiquet\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022886\u0022 \u003Eplant\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022888\u0022 \u003Epli\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022891\u0022 \u003Epoint de croix\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022894\u0022 \u003Epoli\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022897\u0022 \u003Eporcelaine\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022900\u0022 \u003Epr\u00e9cuit\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022903\u0022 \u003Epyrograv\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022906\u0022 \u003Eracl\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022909\u0022 \u003Er\u00e9colt\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022912\u0022 \u003Erefendu\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022915\u0022 \u003Ereli\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022918\u0022 \u003Esculpt\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022921\u0022 \u003Esculpt\u00e9 au couteau\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022924\u0022 \u003Es\u00e9ch\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022927\u0022 \u003Esouffl\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022930\u0022 \u003Etaill\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022933\u0022 \u003Etann\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022936\u0022 \u003Etechique de fabrication du li\u00e8ge\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022939\u0022 \u003Etechnique artisanale\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022942\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication d\u0027arme\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022960\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication de l\u0027acier\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022963\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication de l\u0027aluminium\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022966\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication de l\u0027argent\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022969\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication de l\u0027\u00e9lectro-m\u00e9nager\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022972\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication de l\u0027horloge\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022975\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication de l\u0027inox\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022978\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication de l\u0027ivoire\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022945\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication de la c\u00e9ramique\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022948\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication de la confection\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022951\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication de la fonte\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022954\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication de la lunette\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022957\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication de la papeterie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022981\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication des bijoux\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022984\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication des m\u00e9taux\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022987\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication des monnaies\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022990\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication du bagage\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022993\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication du bois\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022996\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication du cuivre\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u0022999\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication du fer\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221002\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication du gr\u00e8s\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221005\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication du marbre\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221008\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication du plastique\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221011\u0022 \u003Etechnique de fabrication du verre\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221023\u0022 \u003Etechnique de l\u0027argile\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221026\u0022 \u003Etechnique de l\u0027\u00e9benisterie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221029\u0022 \u003Etechnique de l\u0027encadrement\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221032\u0022 \u003Etechnique de l\u0027imprimerie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221014\u0022 \u003Etechnique de la forge\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221017\u0022 \u003Etechnique de la menuiserie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221020\u0022 \u003Etechnique de la vannerie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221035\u0022 \u003Etechnique des m\u00e9taux chrom\u00e9s\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221038\u0022 \u003Etechnique industrielle\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221041\u0022 \u003Etechnique mixte\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221102\u0022 \u003Etechnique peaux_cuir\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221044\u0022 \u003Etechnique semi-industrielle\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221162\u0022 \u003ET\u00e9cnica mista\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221047\u0022 \u003Eteint\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221050\u0022 \u003Etendu\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221107\u0022 \u003Evannerie\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221072\u0022 \u003Everniss\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221053\u0022 \u003Etiss\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221057\u0022 \u003Etordu\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221095\u0022 \u003Etorsad\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221060\u0022 \u003Etourn\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221098\u0022 \u003ETissage\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221063\u0022 \u003Etram\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221066\u0022 \u003Etress\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221069\u0022 \u003Etrou\u00e9\u003C\/option\u003E\n \u003Coption value=\u00221338\u0022 \u003Etextile\u003C\/option\u003E\n\n \u003C\/select\u003E\n \u003C\/div\u003E\n \u003C\/div\u003E\n \u003Cdiv class=\u0022clearfix\u0022\u003E\n \u003Cdiv class=\u0022submit-element\u0022\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=6990dbd43e60b\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=0\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=0\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 id=\u0022reinit_bt\u0022 class=\u0022use-ajax bouton inverse\u0022 \u003E\n \u003Ci class=\u0022icon-undo\u0022\u003E\u003C\/i\u003E R\u00e9initialiser\n \u003C\/a\u003E\n\n\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=6990dbd43e60b\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1970\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1473\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 id=\u0022collection_bt\u0022 class=\u0022use-ajax bouton primary visuallyhidden\u0022 \u003E\u003Ci class=\u0022icon-circle-arrow-right\u0022\u003E\u003C\/i\u003E Rechercher\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003C\/div\u003E\n\n \u003Cdiv class=\u0022groupe-culturel-element collect-filter-changed\u0022\u003E\n \u003Clabel class=\u0022h4-like\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel\u003C\/label\u003E\n \u003C!-- \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=6990dbd43e60b\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1394\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1473\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003ETous\u003C\/a\u003E --\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=6990dbd43e60b\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=0\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1473\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003ETous\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=6990dbd43e60b\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=2008\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1473\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003E?\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=6990dbd43e60b\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1680\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1473\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EAluku\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=6990dbd43e60b\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1817\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1473\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EAm\u00e9rindien\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=6990dbd43e60b\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=2116\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1473\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EBosneger\/marron\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=6990dbd43e60b\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=2060\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1473\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003ECr\u00e9ole\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=6990dbd43e60b\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=2056\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1473\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003Eeurop\u00e9en\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=6990dbd43e60b\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=2068\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1473\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EGalibi Marworno\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=6990dbd43e60b\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=2070\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1473\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EGalibi Marworno (Kumarum\u00e3)\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=6990dbd43e60b\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=2049\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1473\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EHmong\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=6990dbd43e60b\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=2032\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1473\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EKaxuiana\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=6990dbd43e60b\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1784\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1473\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EKoriabo\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=6990dbd43e60b\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1688\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1473\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003ETeko (Em\u00e9rillon)\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=6990dbd43e60b\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1672\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1473\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EWai Wai\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=6990dbd43e60b\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1970\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1473\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton active use-ajax\u0022\u003EWaj\u00e3pi\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=6990dbd43e60b\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=2073\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1473\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EWayana ( Oayana )\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=6990dbd43e60b\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=2016\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1473\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EWayana (Ayana)\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=6990dbd43e60b\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=2028\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1473\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EWayana Aparai\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=6990dbd43e60b\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1880\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1473\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EWayana ou Apalai\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=6990dbd43e60b\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1217\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1473\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003ESaramaka\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=6990dbd43e60b\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1673\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1473\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EYekuana\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=6990dbd43e60b\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1650\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1473\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EKaxuyana\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=6990dbd43e60b\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1653\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1473\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003ETirio\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=6990dbd43e60b\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=40\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1473\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EWayana\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=6990dbd43e60b\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1659\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1473\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EKaripuna\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=6990dbd43e60b\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1449\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1473\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EIndiaans\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=6990dbd43e60b\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1291\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1473\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EParikwene (Palikur)\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=6990dbd43e60b\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=18\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1473\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EWay\u00e3pi\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=6990dbd43e60b\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1427\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1473\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EBushinenge\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=6990dbd43e60b\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1322\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1473\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003ENdjuka\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=6990dbd43e60b\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1411\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1473\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EApalai\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=6990dbd43e60b\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1394\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1473\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 class=\u0022bouton use-ajax\u0022\u003EKali\u00f1a (Galibi)\u003C\/a\u003E\n\n \u003C\/div\u003E\n \u003C\/div\u003E\n \u003Chr\/\u003E\n \u003C\/form\u003E\n\n \u003Cdiv class=\u0022recherche-resultats\u0022\u003E\n \u003C!--\n \u003Cspan class=\u0022h3-like highlight\u0022\u003E\u003Cstrong\u003ELes 20 derni\u00e8res notices\u003C\/strong\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\n \u003Cspan\u003E(dont 4 non g\u00e9olocalis\u00e9s)\u003C\/span\u003E\n --\u003E\n \u003Cspan class=\u0022h3-like highlight\u0022\u003E\u003Cstrong\u003EAucun r\u00e9sultat\u003C\/strong\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\n \n \u003Cbr\/\u003E\n \u003Cspan class=\u0022h4-like\u0022\u003EPour \u0022Waj\u00e3pi\u0022 + \u0022rijgen\u0022\u003C\/h4\u003E\n \u003C\/div\u003E\n\u003C\/div\u003E\n\u003Cscript type=\u0022text\/javascript\u0022\u003E\n\u003C!--\nfunction initAutocomplete(){\n jQuery(\u0027#denomination\u0027).autocomplete({\n serviceUrl:\u0027\/fr\/autocomplete\/denominations\u0027,\n delimiter: \/(,|;)\\s*\/,\n maxHeight:400, zIndex: 9999, deferRequestBy: 0, noCache: true,\n onSelect: function(value, data){\n Drupal.behaviors.ssks.collectionRechercheDenomination(value,data);\n },\n });\n}\nsetTimeout(\u0027initAutocomplete()\u0027,250);\n\/\/ --\u003E\n\u003C\/script\u003E\n\n\n \n\n\n\n\u003Cdiv id=\u0022selector\u0022 class=\u0022liste-affichage clearfix\u0022\u003E\n \u003Ca class=\u0022 affichage-mosaique-bouton sprite-ir use-ajax\u0022\n href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=mosaique\u0026uniqID=6990dbd43e60b\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1970\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1473\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 title=\u0022Vue Mosa\u00efque\u0022\u003EMosa\u00efque\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca class=\u0022 affichage-liste-bouton sprite-ir use-ajax\u0022\n href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=liste\u0026uniqID=6990dbd43e60b\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1970\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1473\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 title=\u0022Vue Liste\u0022\u003EListe\u003C\/a\u003E\n \u003Ca class=\u0022active affichage-carte-bouton sprite-ir use-ajax\u0022\n href=\u0022\/fr\/ssks\/ajax\/modspe\/liste_notices?ajax=1\u0026useAjax=1\u0026page=0\u0026vue=carte\u0026uniqID=6990dbd43e60b\u0026order=date_creation%2Fdesc\u0026renderMode=replace\u0026filter%2Fgc=1970\u0026filter%2Fmusee=0\u0026filter%2Fdomaine=0\u0026filter%2Ftechnique=1473\u0026filter%2Fdenomination=0\u0022 title=\u0022Vue Carte\u0022\u003ECarte\u003C\/a\u003E\n\n\u003C\/div\u003E\n\n\n \u003Cdiv class=\u0022node-liste node-module vue-carte clearfix\u0022 id=\u0022afficher_plus6990dbd43e60b\u0022\u003E\n \u003Cscript src=\u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/js\/markerclusterer.js\u0022\u003E\u003C\/script\u003E\n\n\u003Cscript type=\u0022text\/javascript\u0022\u003E\n\/* \u003C![CDATA[ *\/\n\nvar allmaps = allmaps || [];\n\nvar markers = [];\n\nfunction loadGoogleAPIListe(callback)\n{\n $.getScript(\u0027http:\/\/maps.googleapis.com\/maps\/api\/js?key=AIzaSyB9Y9zZgXDOMTKLuqel8cDuXGSAbyobGHQ\u0026callback=\u0027+callback, function(){});\n}\n\nfunction initializeListe(mapID,center_lat,center_lng){\n var myLatlng = new google.maps.LatLng(center_lat,center_lng);\n\n var myOptions = {\n zoom: 6,\n center: myLatlng,\n scrollwheel : false,\n mapTypeId: google.maps.MapTypeId.ROADMAP\n };\n\n allmaps[mapID] = new google.maps.Map(document.getElementById(mapID), myOptions);\n\n var d = new Date();\n\n var urlkml = \u0027http:\/\/\u0027 + location.hostname + \u0027\/fr\/\u0027 +\n \u0027get_territoire_conteste?r=\u0027 + d.getTime() ;\n\n var georssLayer = new google.maps.KmlLayer(urlkml,\n {\n suppressInfoWindows: false,\n preserveViewport: true\n });\n\n georssLayer.setMap(allmaps[mapID]);\n\n allmaps[mapID].ourMarkers = [];\n}\n\n\/\/ Ajoute un marqueur sur la carte :\nfunction addPointListe(mapID,aLatlng,title,aContentString,iconimage,asSlider) {\n if (asSlider == undefined) asSlider=false;\n if (aLatlng.lat==\u0027\u0027||aLatlng.lng==\u0027\u0027) {return; }\n if (aLatlng.lat==0 \u0026\u0026 aLatlng.lng==0) {return; }\n var myLatlng = new google.maps.LatLng(aLatlng.lat,aLatlng.lng) ;\n\n var obj = {\n position: myLatlng,\n title:title\n }\n\n \/\/var image = \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur-agence.png\u0022;\n if (iconimage != undefined)\n {\n obj.icon = iconimage ;\n }\n\n var a_marker = new google.maps.Marker(obj);\n markers.push(a_marker);\n \/\/\n\n a_marker.setMap(allmaps[mapID]);\n\n var htmlContent = \u0027\u0027;\n htmlContent = \u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022bubblemap-container\u0022\u003E\u0027+aContentString+\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027;\n\n var infowindow = new google.maps.InfoWindow({content: htmlContent});\n google.maps.event.addListener(a_marker, \u0027click\u0027, function() {\n closeAllWindowsListe(mapID);\n infowindow.open(allmaps[mapID], a_marker);\n jQuery(\u0027.slider-carte\u0027).flexslider(Drupal.behaviors.ssks.paramSliderCarte);\n\n });\n\n allmaps[mapID].ourMarkers.push({marker:a_marker,infowin:infowindow});\n\n \/\/ map.setCenter(myLatlng);\n var bounds = new google.maps.LatLngBounds();\n for (var i=0;i\u003Callmaps[mapID].ourMarkers.length;i++){\n bounds.extend(allmaps[mapID].ourMarkers[i].marker.position);\n }\n var ne = bounds.getNorthEast();\n var sw = bounds.getSouthWest();\n if (ne.lat()==sw.lat() \u0026\u0026 ne.lng()==sw.lng()){\n allmaps[mapID].setCenter(ne);\n allmaps[mapID].setZoom(8);\n }else{\n allmaps[mapID].fitBounds(bounds);\n }\n}\n\n\/\/ Retire tous les marqueurs de la carte :\nfunction removePointsListe(mapID){\n for (var i = 0 ; i \u003C allmaps[mapID].ourMarkers.length ; i++){\n allmaps[mapID].ourMarkers[i].marker.setMap(null);\n }\n}\n\n\/\/ Ferme les fen\u00eatres ouvertes de la carte :\nfunction closeAllWindowsListe(mapID){\n for (var i = 0 ; i \u003C allmaps[mapID].ourMarkers.length ; i++){\n allmaps[mapID].ourMarkers[i].infowin.setMap(null);\n }\n}\n\n\/* ]]\u003E *\/\n\u003C\/script\u003E\n\n\n\u003Cdiv class=\u0022google-maps-container isotope-item\u0022\u003E\n \u003Cdiv id=\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022 class=\u0022google-maps-container\u0022\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\n\u003C\/div\u003E\n\n\u003Cscript type=\u0022text\/javascript\u0022\u003E\n function makemapListe()\n {\n initializeListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022, 6, -57);\n\n \n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n var latlng = \u0022\u0022.split(\u0027,\u0027);\n\n addPointListe(\u0022map_canvas_liste\u0022,{\u0022lat\u0022:latlng[0],\u0022lng\u0022:latlng[1]},\n \u0022\u0022,\n \u0022\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte-container\u0027\u003E\u003Cdiv class=\u0027slider-carte flexslider\u0027\u003E\u003Cul class=\u0027slides\u0027\u003E\u0022\n\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n +\u0022\u003Cli class=\u0027clearfix\u0027\u003E\u003Ca class=\u0027map-lien \u0027 href=\u0027\/fr\/?from=search\u0027 \u003E\u003Cfigure class=\u0027map-image\u0027\u003E \u003Cimg src=\u0027http:\/\/amazonian-museum-network.org\/sites\/default\/files\/styles\/notice_miniature\/public\/ged\/image-defaut-4_0.jpg?itok=S75wpbBM\u0027 class=\u0027block-image-couleur\u0027\/\u003E\u003C\/figure\u003E\u0022\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch3 class=\u0022block-titre\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cspan class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003E\u003C\/span\u003E\u003Cbr\/\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Csmall\u003E\/ \u003C\/small\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/h3\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EGroupe culturel :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003EOrigine g\u00e9ographique :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Cdiv class=\u0022liste-notices-infos\u0022\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003Ch6 class=\u0022highlight\u0022\u003ELocalisation :\u003C\/h6\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u0027\n +\u0027\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/li\u003E\u0027\n\n +\u0022\u003Cul\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u003C\/div\u003E\u0022\n ,\n \u0022\/sites\/all\/themes\/tssks\/img\/pointeur.png\u0022);\n\n\n var markerCluster = new MarkerClusterer(allmaps[\u0027map_canvas_liste\u0027], markers);\n\n }\n loadGoogleAPIListe(\u0027makemapListe\u0027);\n\u003C\/script\u003E\n\n\n\n\n \u003C\/div\u003E\n \u003Cdiv id=\u0022bouton_afficher_plus6990dbd43e60b\u0022\u003E\n \n \u003C\/div\u003E\n\u003C\/section\u003E\u003C!-- div_global --\u003E\n\n\n\n\n","settings":null}]
__label__cc logo
__label__cc Skip to content Anna Wu Photography   • Home   • PortfolioExpand     • – Weddings     • – Engagements     • – PortraitsExpand       • Solo       • Family       • Boudoir   • About   • Blog   • Pricing   • Contact Anna Wu Photography  abstract  personal | travel  Breathe deeper, slower  ByAnna November 8, 2009December 22, 2009  Even before you can spot the water or hear the waves crashing, there is a distinct scent that floats in the air. It’s the ocean smell that welcomes you back every time. Add a setting sun, and it’s a sensory haven. The kind of scene that makes you breathe deeper, slower. As we continued down…  Read More Breathe deeper, slowerContinue  © 2026 Anna Wu Photography  Instagram Facebook Pinterest RSS Scroll to top   • Home   • Portfolio     • – Weddings     • – Engagements     • – Portraits       • Solo       • Family       • Boudoir   • About   • Blog   • Pricing   • Contact Search
__label__cc   • Bio   • Books     • After Zionism        One State For Israel And Palestine        Saqi Books, 2024       After Zionism brings together some of the world’s leading thinkers on the most pressing issue of our time. In essays that challenge our assumptions, distinguished contributors with distinct and divergent perspectives dissect the century-long conflict between Zionism and the Palestinians. Time has run out for the two-state solution because of the unending and permanent Israeli…       The Palestine Laboratory        How Israel Exports The Technology Of Occupation Around The World        Verso + Scribe, 2023       How Israel makes a killing from the occupation. Israel’s military industrial complex uses the occupied, Palestinian territories as a testing ground for weaponry and surveillance technology that they then export around the world to despots and democracies. For more than 50 years, occupation of the West Bank and Gaza has given the Israeli state invaluable…       Pills, Powder and Smoke       Pills, Powder, and Smoke: Inside the Bloody War on Drugs        Inside the Bloody War on Drugs        Scribe, 2019       Like the never-ending war on terror, the drugs war is a multi-billion-dollar industry that won’t go down without a fight. Pills, Powder, and Smoke explains why. The war on drugs has been official American policy since the 1970s, with the UK, Europe, and much of the world following suit. It is at best a failed…       Disaster Capitalism       Disaster Capitalism: Making A Killing Out Of Catastrophe        Making A Killing Out Of Catastrophe        Verso, 2015       Best-selling journalist Antony Loewenstein trav­els across Afghanistan, Pakistan, Haiti, Papua New Guinea, the United States, Britain, Greece, and Australia to witness the reality of disaster capitalism. He discovers how companies such as G4S, Serco, and Halliburton cash in on or­ganized misery in a hidden world of privatized detention centers, militarized private security, aid profiteering, and…       Profits of Doom        How Vulture Capitalism Is Swallowing The World        Melbourne University Press, 2013       Vulture capitalism has seen the corporation become more powerful than the state, and yet its work is often done by stealth, supported by political and media elites. The result is privatised wars and outsourced detention centres, mining companies pillaging precious land in developing countries and struggling nations invaded by NGOs and the corporate dollar. Best-selling…       For God’s Sake       For God's Sake: An Atheist, A Jew, a Christian, and a Muslim Debate Religion        An Atheist, A Jew, A Christian and A Muslim Debate Religion        MacMillan, 2013       Four Australian thinkers come together to ask and answer the big questions, such as: What is the nature of the universe? Doesn’t religion cause most of the conflict in the world? And Where do we find hope? We are introduced to different belief systems – Judaism, Christianity, Islam – and to the argument that atheism,…       Left Turn        Political Essays For The New Left        Melbourne University Press, 2012       The 2008 financial crisis opened the door for a bold, progressive social movement. But despite widespread revulsion at economic inequity and political opportunism, after the crash very little has changed. Has the Left failed? What agenda should progressives pursue? And what alternatives do they dare to imagine? Left Turn, published by Melbourne University Press in…       The Blogging Revolution        The Blogging Revolution        Melbourne University Press, 2008       The Blogging Revolution, released by Melbourne University Press in 2008, is a colourful and revelatory account of bloggers around the globe why live and write under repressive regimes – many of them risking their lives in doing so. Antony Loewenstein’s travels take him to private parties in Iran and Egypt, internet cafes in Saudi Arabia…       My Israel Question       My Israel Question        My Israel Question        Melbourne University Press, 2006       The best-selling book on the Israel/Palestine conflict, My Israel Question – on Jewish identity, the Zionist lobby, reporting from Palestine and future Middle East directions – was released by Melbourne University Press in 2006. A new, updated edition was released in 2007 (and reprinted again in 2008). The book was short-listed for the 2007 NSW…   • Journalism      • Category        GeneralIsraelWikileaksInterviewsVideoAudioDocumentaryPodcast        Selected media        ABC The DrumAmnesty International AustraliaCrikeyDeclassified AustraliaForeign PolicyMiddle East EyeMondoweissNew MatildaOverlandSydney Morning HeraldSydney Sun-HeraldTRT WorldThe AgeThe AustralianThe GuardianThe NationThe NationalThe Saturday PaperWebdiary See all media   • Podcast   • Newsletter   • Donate     • LiberaPay     • PayPal   • Letters   • Facebook   • Twitter   • Instagram   • Flickr   • YouTube   • Email Category: Israel Tags: EgyptIranJudaismPalestineTurkeyZionism Share:TwitterFacebook  Israel must be “enlightened”  Posted on June 11, 2010  What world do these people live in? Here’s Ari Shavit in Haaretz:  If Israel intends to attack Iran, it must carry out the following diplomatic operations during the year preceding such an offensive: position itself anew in the international arena as an enlightened, peace-seeking democracy; tighten its alliances with the United States and the West; forge partnerships of interests with China, Russia and India; make a massive effort to salvage Israel’s deteriorating relationship with Turkey; warm up the cool relations with Egypt, Jordan and the United Arab Emirates; work to reach a peace agreement with Syria and embark on a new direction with the Palestinians; quiet down the immediate surroundings as much as it can; and form as broad a coalition as possible for the moment of truth.  Remind me who sees Israel as a “peace-seeking democracy”?  Post navigation  Previous Next  You might also like  Irish figures lead the way against Israel’s entry into OECD  May 7, 2010  British citizens could be killed over Israeli hit in Dubai (thank you Mossad)  February 21, 2010  Australian government out of step with public opinion on Israel/Palestine  June 18, 2009   • Bio   • Books   • Journalism   • Podcast   • Newsletter   • Donate   • Facebook   • Twitter   • Instagram   • YouTube   • Email  Subscribe to my newsletter  Support my work  LiberaPay Text and images ©2026 Antony Loewenstein. All rights reserved. Site by Common
__label__cc ARW (anyreplicawatches) Forum – Talk About Replica Watches  ARW (anyreplicawatches) Forum – Talk About Replica Watches  搜索 跳至正文   • About Anyreplicawatches   • ARW Testimonials   • Latest discount Breitling Watches  2018-1-19 Updat Breitling Watches  相册 19/01/2018 adminFORUM IMG_3464 IMG_3466 IMG_3467 IMG_3468  Share This:  文章导航  上一文章Mont Blanc New Style Bracelets下一文章2018-1- 20 Updat Breitling Watches  General Information    • About Anyreplicawatches   • ARW Testimonials   • Latest discount  Online shop:  We would like to inform you that we decided to change domain name from anyreplicawatches.co.com to anyreplicawatches.org  You can still log into our site use the same user name and password as before. Everything remains the same. Only domain changed.  https://www.AnyReplicaWatches.org/  Contact Us  anyreplicawatches@gmail.com  Phone  US: +1(631)313-2122  Category    • *****About The ARW (4)   • *****News (37)   • *****Recommended By Other Customers (11)   • *****Replica Watches info (68)   • *****Videos (7)   • *****Watch Instructions (9)   • Audemars Piguet (15)   • Blancpain Watches (3)   • Breguet Watches (4)   • Breitling Watches (48)   • BVLGARI watches (3)   • Cartier watches (14)   • Chanel Watches (4)   • Chopard watch (3)   • Daniel Welling ton watch (1)   • Franck Muller Watch (1)   • Franck Muller Watches 2017 (12)   • handbag (5)   • Hublot Watches (20)   • IWC Watches (12)   • Jaeger Le Coulter Watch (23)   • Longines watch (5)   • Luxury bags (2)   • Mont Blanc New Style Bracelets (1)   • Montblanc Watches (11)   • Omega watch (30)   • Others Watches (1)   • Panerai Watches (22)   • Patek Philippe watch (24)   • Product photos***New 2018 (5)   • Richard Mille Watches (24)   • Rolex 3235 watch series (15)   • Rolex Daytona watch AR factory (2)   • Rolex series watch (76)   • Rolex Watches 2017 (30)   • Rolex Watches 2022 (1)   • SEVENFRIDAY WATCHES (1)   • Sunglasses (8)   • Tissot watches (7)   • Tudor Watches (7)   • Vacheron Constantin Watch (3)   • Wall Clock (1)   • 📌SHIPPING PROOFS (2)  Any replica watches Keywords  2-Tone Rose Gold Yachtmaster 2016 Baselworld Rolex Air-King 2016 Rolex Yacht-Master 9015 movement any-replica-watches Anyreplicawatches anyreplicawatches.co anyreplicawatches complaint Anyreplicawatches review arwwatches.com Asian 2836 movement vs Swiss 2836 movement Asian ETA VS Swiss ETA Cartier watch Everose Gold Yachtmaster 40mm Franck Muller handbag Hublot MP-05 LaFerrari replica Hublot MP-05 LaFerrari watch replica Hublot MP-05 replica Mingzhu movement Montblanc Marc Newson fountain pen Montblanc Marc Newson Pen Montblanc Marc Newson replica Omega 8500 movement Omega Seamaster 300 Spectre 007 Nato strap review Omega spectre replica for sale Omega watch Panerai Panerai Watches Pei Nahai Replica Rolex Yacht-Master 40mm Replica Watch instructions Rolex 60th Anniversary watch Rolex 2016 Baselworld Rolex Air-King 2016 Rolex Air-King Replica rolex air king 116900 replica Rolex Day-Date 40mm OLIVE GREEN DIAL Rolex daydate olive green dial Rolex Yacht-Master 40mm 116622 Rolex Yachtmaster Brown dial Rolex Yachtmaster Grey Dial theARW.com watchforgift.com What is Swiss  Our shop: https://www.anyreplicawatches.org/  Search replica watches…  News    • NEW Factory Presents The “Ceiling”: Richard Mille RM35-01 & RM35-02 Carbon Fiber – The “Billionaire’s Entry Ticket” Replicated 19/12/2025   • Panerai’s new model 29/11/2025   • AR+ Factory Unleashes the “200g Sky-Dweller”: The Ultimate 1 Watch, 3 Strap Experience 12/11/2025   • ZF Vacheron Constantin Fiftysix Complete Calendar Rose Gold 28/09/2024   • BLS Breitling Aviator 8 Automatic 2824 Watches 21/09/2024   • TWF Clone Patek Philippe 5905 and 5712 14/09/2024   • APF Royal Oak Offshore 26238 Chronograph Watches 07/09/2024   • VSF Rolex Sea Dweller 72 hours power reserve 31/08/2024   • New release| Clean RLX Sea Dweller, Explorer II, ADGF Daytona 24/08/2024   • Gold Factory Rolex Daytona Gain Weight 4130 19/08/2024   • ARF Rolex Day-date 40mm Presidential Band 3235 watches 09/08/2024   • QF Rolex Le Mans 100th Daytona 4132 Watches 03/08/2024   • VS Omega Planet Ocean 600m Cal.8900 27/07/2024   • APS Royal Oak Perpetual Calendar Ceramic Watches 20/07/2024   • JF clone JLC Master Ultra Thin Perpetual Calendar 39mm 13/07/2024   • Clean Factory Rolex Oyster Perpetual 3230 Watches 05/07/2024   • 3K Factory Patek Philippe Nautilus 5711 Blue 29/06/2024   • Clean factory Rolex Daytona 4131 super clone 22/06/2024   • Gold factory Rolex Yacht Master Gain Weight 15/06/2024   • QF Rolex Day-date Ombre 183 grams 15/06/2024  Category  Search  CONTACT US  Please feel free to contact us with any question of Warranty Repair, Defective Watch, Damaged Package, Lost Package , Pre-Sale or other Service, Please feel free to contact us at Chris.ARW@thearwservice.com or Anyreplicawatches@gmail.com, We will get back to you shortly.  Our Shop  Special Sale items New Arrival All Products Search by Brands 自豪地采用WordPress
__label__cc 错误信息:  Cannot use database   链接地址(The URL Is):  http://aplayer.open.xunlei.com/bbs/apps.php?q=article&uid=44651  MySQL服务器错误(MySQL Server Error):  Can't connect to local MySQL server through socket '/tmp/mysql.sock' (2) ( 2002 ) 查看错误相关信息  寻求帮助(You Can Get Help In):  http://www.phpwind.net
__label__cc Loader Please wait while your request is being verified...
__label__cc ﻿ HETS 2022 to Resume Discussing Sustainability in Digital World | School of Engineering and Construction of SibFU <   • Новости     • Конференции     • Объявления     • Прошедшие события     • Конкурсы и гранты     • Расписание     • Это интересно   • Об институте     • Историческая справка     • Руководство     • Ученый совет     • Доктора, профессора     • Наши выпускники     • Партнёры     • Документы     • Видео     • Фото   • Контакты   • News   • Research     • Innovative construction solutions     • WG12 & WG18   • Specialities and Profiles   • Contacts Russian  HETS 2022 to Resume Discussing Sustainability in Digital World  02.09.2022  This spring, Krasnoyarsk Economic Forum 2022 (KEF-2022) not only contributed to strengthening cooperation between Russia and Asian countries, but also became a starting point in solving important economic problems on sustainable development and transition to a climate-oriented and low-carbon way of life.  Through the year, various forums, conferences and sites have been discussing the issues raised during KEF. Thus, the III Annual International Scientific and Research Forum on the Problems of Sustainable Development in the Digital World: Human. Economy. Technology. SocietyHETS 2022 (a satellite-partner of KEF) will cover the raised issues. The event will be held on-line and off-line at the premises of Siberian Federal University and co-organizers of the event. Date of the event: 20-22 October 2022.  For the second year, the coorganisers of the event are universities and organizations from Russia, Belarus, Kazakhstan, China and Chile, BRICS Industrial Association, Chinese High-Tech Association, Research Support Association, Association of Bioengineering Clusters. Yenisey Siberia Development Corporation has become a reliable partner of the Forum.  The event intends to strengthen international scientific cooperation and scientific ties among scholars and experts from different countries, and integrate the research results into the global scientific knowledge. HETS 2022 covers these aims through 18 sections on related topics, i.e. Digital Ecosystem Models; Regions and Territories in the Global Picture; Environmental Sustainability and Security; Legal Basis for Digital Sustainable Development of Ecosystem; Values and Business Ethics in an Era of Global Change; Low-Carbon Economy: Challenges and Prospects; Cooperation between the Countries partners of BRICS, SCO, and EAEU to in terms of Sustainable Development in Digital Transformation; Methods and Means of Artificial Intelligence in the Digitalization and Robotization of Production; etc.  “The issues of sustainable development in the new digital world, the use of natural resources and climate stabilizing are among the key topics for the university. This is especially true within the establishment of a world-class climate research and education centre on the basis of the Siberian Federal University. What is more, the ideas of reaching carbon balance and raising public awareness on green agenda among the younger generation have formed the basis of one of the strategic projects of Priority 2030 program, in which SibFU is a current member. Therefore, I believe that HETS 2022 will become an effective platform for discussing the initiatives raised at Krasnoyarsk Economic Forum,” noted Dr Maksim Rumiantsev, SibFU rector, chair of HETS 2022 organizational committee.  The position of the chairman of research committee was assigned to Dr Vladimir Shaydurov, professor, doctor of sciences in physics and mathematics, corresponding member of Russian Academy of Sciences, head of the Mathematical Modelling research direction of Krasnoyarsk Scientific Centre SB RAS (Krasnoyarsk, Russia), dean of the School of Management, Science, and Engineering of the University of Finance and Economics (Tianjin, China), scientific supervisor of Economics and Management REC within Siberian Federal University (Krasnoyarsk, Russia).  The deadline for submissions and registration is 15 October 2022. All approved and presented (as poster or video presentations) articles and abstracts will be included in conference proceedings and leading citation databases. Scientific articles selected by the Organizing Committee will be submitted to be published in peer-reviewed journals.  The HETS 2022 program, posters and video presentations will be published on the forum web-site.  2 september 2022  https://www.sfu-kras.ru/en/news/26691 © 2008-2025 School of Engineering and Construction of SibFU Редакция сайта —
__label__cc OpenAccess logo   • Digital Collections   • Browse   • About   • Finding Aids  CSHL Archives  DIGITAL COLLECTIONS  Collections    • Basic   • Advanced List  List  Gallery  Gallery  Timeline  Timeline  Collections  Collections  Showing 1 - 1 of 1 Records Title (A-Z) Relevance Identifier (A-Z) Identifier (Z-A) Archival Identifier (A-Z) Archival Identifier (Z-A) Component Unique Identifier (A-Z) Component Unique Identifier (Z-A) Most Recently Ordered 50 100 500 Active filters Subject: Awards   Subject: Biotechnology.   Subject: Cambridge (Mass.)   Subject: Correspondence   Subject: RNA   Remove all    1 Biogen (Firm) 1 Cambridge (England) 1 Film transparencies 1 Messenger RNA. 1 Nobel Prize winners. 1 Nobel Prizes. 1 Nucleotide sequence. 1 Photographs 1 Scrapbooks 1 Slides (Photographs)  1 Gilbert, Walter, 1932- (creator) 1 Gilbert, Walter, 1932- (subject) 1 Harvard University (subject) 1 Salam, Abdus, 1926-1996 (subject) 1 Sidwell Friends School (Washington, D.C.) (subject) 1 University of Cambridge (subject) Miniature of Walter Gilbert Collection 9 Walter Gilbert Collection Date: 1946 Collection • Identifier WAG The Walter Gilbert Collection documents the scientific career of Nobel Prize winning scientist Walter “Wally” Gilbert. It includes material accrued while a student (Sidwell Friends School, Harvard University, Cambridge University), professor (Harvard University), and as a pioneering entrepreneur in the field of biotechnology (Biogen). The collection includes course notebooks, lecture notes and teaching files, scientific papers, correspondence, photographs, memorabilia, clippings, and material related to receiving the Nobel Prize.      powered by LIBNOVA Digital Preservation.
__label__cc OpenAccess logo   • Digital Collections   • Browse   • About   • Finding Aids  CSHL Archives  DIGITAL COLLECTIONS
__label__cc   • Menu   • Objects   • Contests   • lt   • Register   • Login     • Interactive map of Lithuania architecture       • Objects       • Contests       • News       • Articles       • About us       • Sponsors and friends       • Help   • Filtruoti     • G. Čaikauskas     • architects companies     • Vilnius     • implemented     • purpose     • clear     • popular       • newest          • Č          • Čaikauskas G.          • A          • Architektūros linija       • 2014       • 2006       • 2005       • 2003       • Commercial       • Mixed       • Office       • Residency  Grand Office Business Centre  Quarter of Apartment Houses in Raitininku Street  Sports, Business and Entertainment Centre “Forum Palace”  Complex of Residential Apartment House “A Couple of Viršuliškės”  SAAB Autocentre Žemėlapis © KIP „Architektūros centras“ Login  Register | Lost your password?  Register  A password will be e-mailed to you.  Log in | Lost your password?  Reset Password  Log in | Register
__label__cc Porn Free Group Sex  Porn Free Group Sex Amateur Night Porn Free Group Sex How long do people have sex Xxx Porno Sexy Sex Pussy Fuck  Porn Free Group Sex Asian Teen Nude Girl Porn Free Group Sex Celebs in nude Cartoon Xxx Images  Porn Free Group Sex Bad Baby Toys Porn Free Group Sex Nasty Newes  Porn Free Group Sex Myspace Games Sexy Porn Free Group Sex Sex Clips  Porn Free Group Sex Jail Sex Porn Free Group Sex Teen Boob Sexy  Porn Free Group Sex Teen Television Shows Porn Free Group Sex Porn Lesbian Teen  Porn Free Group Sex People Working Out Naked Porn Free Group Sex Naked boy vids Online Dating In Uk 20  Porn Free Group Sex Cloud Sex Porn Free Group Sex Sex with the wife Police Force Sex Acts  Porn Free Group Sex Sexy Babes With Porn Free Group Sex Two men having sex free 1980 Toys  Porn Free Group Sex Anal Fucking For Free Porn Free Group Sex Hot naked under 18 Mexico City Dating  Porn Free Group Sex Full Xxx Videos Porn Free Group Sex Uk dating directories Naked White Girl Pic  Porn Free Group Sex Do It Yourself For Teens Porn Free Group Sex Women anal long movies Gay Men Cars  Porn Free Group Sex Local Dating Site In Us Porn Free Group Sex Dog sex with a women free Xxx Amateur Free Cam  Funny sex pic Nude pics of older weman 1950s toys and games Nice nude scene China four beauty Little naked kid Share nude  site map  Porn Free Group Sex  Porn Free Group Sex Mature S E X Porn Free Group Sex Online dating service free o Metro Sex  Porn Free Group Sex Mature Next Huge ass movies free Couples Online Sex Games  Porn Free Group Sex Nude Web Cams Cam Girls Anal clips Dating People With Cancer  Porn Free Group Sex Biggst Pussy Porn Free Group Sex Spice teens Fat Old Gays  Porn Free Group Sex Sexy Web Porn Free Group Sex Women designed sex toys Fat Black Teen Girls  Porn Free Group Sex Myspace Games Sexy Porn Free Group Sex Petite ethnic Hot Porn By Sluts  Porn Free Group Sex Girls Nude Cars Porn Free Group Sex What is a teen ageer Web Content Mature  Porn Free Group Sex Cartoon Sex With Teen Porn Free Group Sex Having sex at a football game Beauty Products Distributor Business  Porn Free Group Sex Celebs Nake Porn Free Group Sex Naked kids photos art Real Wife Sex 2  Porn Free Group Sex Sex Fre Movies Porn Free Group Sex Mature s e x Sex At 14 Pics  Porn Free Group Sex Gay History In The United Kingdom Porn Free Group Sex Dating keyword online service Erotic Online Role Play  Porn Free Group Sex Bad Ass Cars Porn Free Group Sex Rate those teens ratings Video Nasties  Porn Free Group Sex Kinky Sexy Stories Porn Free Group Sex Home sex archive Children And Gay Parents  Porn Free Group Sex  Glams porn free group sex inside teen pictures of toys and games sex at age extreme ll sexy videos for free public shemale video naked women pics young nude girl teen sex film rap about sex taking nude picture gay warriors sex games xxx white pussy xxx porn porn free group sex mags nude sex now websites position for better sex forced sex porn free group sex movie guy long dick pictures sexy women many sex positions naked pics of older porn free group sex woman all suck aldut sex game the gay way toys german youth sex stories choldren female sex black man sex with hot woman sex video fully naked teens porn free group sex video game sex scenes.  porn pporn poorn porrn pornn porn free ffree frree freee freee free group ggroup grroup grooup grouup groupp group sex ssex seex sexx sex porn orn prn pon por porn free ree fee fre fre free group roup goup grup grop grou group sex ex sx se sex He sucks porn p orn po rn por n porn porn free f ree fr ee fre e free free group g roup gr oup gro up grou p group group sex s ex se x sex sex porn oprn pron ponr porn porn free rfee fere free free free group rgoup gorup gruop gropu group group sex esx sxe sex sex oorn pirn pprn poen potn porb porm dree gree feee ftee frwe frre frew frer froup hroup geoup gtoup griup grpup groyp groip grouo aex dex swx srx sez sec born pughrn parn porkn phree vree fere frie freee fraee freae frae fre fri frei freee freae freea frea jroup grughup graup grup graup grojup groowp groyp groub cex zex six seex saex seax sax  Britney sexy Xxx movie archives Online dating service free o Have dick will travel How long do people have sex Hot girl gets fucked Gay sex sound Dating free single 20
__label__cc Sex With Bird  Sex With Bird Nude First Time Story Sex With Bird All porn xxx Celebrity Hot Naked Picture  Sex With Bird Hot Naked Nudes Sex With Bird Celeb nude movie Four Play Sex Videos  Sex With Bird Xxx Porn Mags Sex With Bird Sites Like Sex Search  Sex With Bird Heart Ass Sex With Bird My Naughty Photos  Sex With Bird Sex Movie On Tv Sex With Bird Anal Teen Free Gallery  Sex With Bird Anal Fuck Teen Sex With Bird Dog Woman Sex Video  Sex With Bird Naked Pics Of Women Sex With Bird Young teen modiles What Is Age Of A Teen  Sex With Bird Scholl Girl Sex Video Sex With Bird Chick nude beach Girl Suck Own Me  Sex With Bird Young Porn Girl Sex Sex With Bird Cartoons of old women Anal Lesbian Xxx  Sex With Bird Find Free Xxx Videos Free Sex With Bird Photo et videos sex Hot New Toys For 2008  Sex With Bird Black American Sex Movies Sex With Bird Fiction sex storys University Students Having Sex  Sex With Bird Celeb Naked Pic Sex With Bird Gay pictures free Web Content Mature  Sex With Bird Girls Taking Big Dick Sex With Bird Kids learning toys Younge Asian Lesbians  Xxx sex dating videos Cool action toys Anal sex free pics Sexy toy fun video Gay girl teens Online dating india Penis sex toy  site map  Sex With Bird  Sex With Bird Britney Sexy Sex With Bird Director sex Nasty Newes  Sex With Bird Sexy Old Woman Nude Xxx video samples free Join Sex Sites  Sex With Bird Wild Women Having Sex Xxx gay stories Sex A One Thing  Sex With Bird First Black Sex Sex With Bird Sex picture girl Bad Baby Toys  Sex With Bird Sex Change News Sex With Bird Wild teen lesbian sex Dating Personals Single Site  Sex With Bird Teen Decision Sex With Bird People who want sex Bigg Butt Galleries  Sex With Bird Extreme Japan Sex With Bird Girls gone wild have sex Whatch Online Xxx Videos  Sex With Bird Position For Better Sex Sex With Bird First start baby toys Party Video Sex  Sex With Bird Family Xxx Sex With Bird Hot chicks cams cum Couple Webcams Sex Pic  Sex With Bird Couple Webcams Sex Pic Sex With Bird Two black lesbians Scholl Girl Sex Video  Sex With Bird Amateur Nude Photos Nude Amateurs Sex With Bird Advanced sex position Sex Sex Pictures  Sex With Bird Many Sex Positions Sex With Bird Black xxx erotica Anal Fuck Teen  Sex With Bird Toying With Pussy Sex With Bird Tiny new cars Online Advice For Teens  Sex With Bird  Download virtual hottie free cunnilingus vids sex with bird pussy women sex with boys photos pussy husband sex with bird one man sex with ten secretary sex hot naked picture sex with bird russell dick live gay porno young sex party video sex with teen girls the sex movie guy long dick pictures sexy hot video sex yahoo anal images nude online adult games girls who love pussy hot free naked vids free forgien sex movies movies sex with bird online xxx videos and sex teen sex with bird television shows camping toys and games amateur web pictures my firstl esbian sex milf porne forced men to have sex little sexy girls pussies free dating keyword.  sex ssex seex sexx sex with wwith wiith witth withh with bird bbird biird birrd birdd bird sex ex sx se sex with ith wth wih wit with bird ird brd bid bir bird Relationship online search dating person sex s ex se x sex sex with w ith wi th wit h with with bird b ird bi rd bir d bird bird sex esx sxe sex sex with iwth wtih wiht with with bird ibrd brid bidr bird bird aex dex swx srx sez sec qith eith wuth woth wirh wiyh witg witj vird nird burd bord bied bitd birs birf cex zex six seex saex seax sax vith whith uith weth wieth weeth wath weath wyth widh pird berd bierd beerd bard beard byrd birt  Sex adventure games online Naked groups of men Sex a one thing Nude take that Girl amateur photos Sex web tv Naked womens free photos Older women free sex photos
__label__cc   • Home   • About Us   • Services   • Career Coaching   • Career Opportunities   • ATAC Events   • ATAC Blog   • Request A Consultation  Contact Information  (919) 263-9477 Click Here To Email Us Stay Connected  Search Our Site  Professional Affiliations  Affiliations NCPMI HR Compliance  Request A Consultation  Home » Request A Consultation  If you would like to arrange to speak with an ATAC consultant please complete the form below and let us know what area of consulting that you are interested in. We’ll contact you promptly!               Sending   Copyright © 2012-2017 Atlantic Talent Acquisition Consultants, Inc. All Rights Reserved Web Design by Ambidextrous Services
__label__cc au Arrse.co.uk Go to website  Arrse is ranked 88,270 in Australia. 'ARmy RSE - Army Rumour Service (ARRSE.)'    • Analysis   • Visitors   • Content   • Links   • Server  88,270Rank in Australia  64,649Worldwide Rank  Monthly pages viewed1,841,616 Monthly visits 106,260 Value per visitor$0.34 Estimated worth$62,585.31 External links3,129 Number of pages--  Last Updated: 03/04/2018 . Estimated data, read disclaimer.  Visitors  CountryCountry RankUsers %Pageviews % Other countries16.60%4.60% United Kingdom 3,055 46.80%73.20% South Africa 17,357 4.20%0.70% Philippines 23,999 2.30%1.20% India 42,033 16.00%7.80% France 49,783 3.20%8.50% Spain 55,780 2.30%2.20% Canada 84,270 1.80%0.50% Germany 229,544 1.80%0.30% United States 236,062 5.00%0.90%  The majority of visitors come from Spain, France, India, Philippines, South Africa & United Kingdom.  Traffic History 90 Day Average Worldwide Rank54,3272,192 Daily Visitors5,307 -6.59% Daily Visitors Rank63,5752,303 Daily Pageviews21,906 -8.32% Daily Pageviews Rank47,5693,031 Pageviews Per User5.70 -1.88% Content  www.Arrse.co.uk  Topics: Arrse, Navy Net, Kitreviews, Families, Jobs, & Dating.  Category: 'Military/Army - Unofficial Sites'  Age: The domain is 16 years and 3 months old.    • Popular pages   • arrse.co.uk Stonne - The Verdun of 1940   • arrse.co.uk Unexpected casualty of SavilleGate - Page 78   • arrse.co.uk Green Paper on Future Reserves 2020   • arrse.co.uk Military Discipline - ARmy RSE - Army Rumour Service (ARRSE)  5,803 users visit the site each day, each viewing 5.70 pages.  Links   • Links in   • bcbin.com Special Forces, Outdoor Survival Gear and Military Equipment from   • fiftyshadesgenerator.c.. Fifty Shades Generator | Terrible erotic fiction at the click of a button   • kiplingsociety.co.uk Kipling Society homepage   • Links out   • ukrealestate.co.uk Welcome - UK RealEstate   • whittard.com Tea, Coffee, China, Teapots, Tea Sets | Whittard of Chelsea US   • aattv.iinet.net.au AATTV web\Rick's Page   • f1manager.info F1 Manager 2012 - A free online Formula One management game Server Server Location Amazon Data Services Ireland Ltd Dublin City Dublin Ireland 53.34399, -6.26719  The programming language environment is PHP/5.3.17. It has 2 DNS records, abby.ns.cloudflare.com, & tim.ns.cloudflare.com. Amazon Data Services Ireland Ltd (Dublin City, Dublin) is the location of the lighttpd/1 server.  IP: 176.34.100.145  Powered by: PHP/5.3.17  Web Server: lighttpd/1  Encoding: iso-8859-1  The server is slower than 64% of measured websites, at 1796 milliseconds.  Server Setup X-Powered-By:PHP/5.3.17 Set-Cookie:-- Set-Cookie:-- Set-Cookie:-- Set-Cookie:-- Set-Cookie:-- Expires:-- Content-Type:text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1 Cache-Control:private Pragma:private X-UA-Compatible:IE=Edge Transfer-Encoding:chunked Date:-- Server:lighttpd/1.4.31   • 0 A B C D E F G H I J K L M   • N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z   • About us   • Contact   • Remove website   • Disclaimer   • Privacy Policy   • Terms of Service   • Facebook   • Twitter   • © 2026
__label__cc au Gregledet.net Go to website  Gregledet is ranked 11,701 in Australia. 'GregLedet.net.'    • Analysis   • Visitors   • Content   • Links   • Server  11,701Rank in Australia  226,794Worldwide Rank  Monthly pages viewed85,426 Monthly visits 43,662 Value per visitor$0.06 Estimated worth$25,996.97 External links221 Number of pages--  Last Updated: 04/04/2018 . Estimated data, read disclaimer.  Visitors  CountryCountry RankUsers %Pageviews % Other countries37.60%36.50% Peru 5,743 12.20%11.80% Venezuela 7,233 11.20%10.80% Spain 65,464 6.80%6.60% United States 108,350 24.80%27.00% India 198,364 7.50%7.20%  India, United States, Spain, Venezuela & Peru are where most visitors come from.  Traffic History 90 Day Average Worldwide Rank190,583 -272,705 Daily Visitors2,461+150% Daily Visitors Rank132,787 -192,560 Daily Pageviews1,800+150% Daily Pageviews Rank445,697 -511,818 Pageviews Per User1.020% Content  www.Gregledet.net  Topics: Library, T-shirts, & Wordpress Hosting.    • Popular pages   • gregledet.net Western Digital MyBook World Edition Hacks « GregLedet.net   • gregledet.net Problems with your D-Link DP-300U? « GregLedet.net   • gregledet.net PAM (Phone as Modem) using Samsung Instinct « GregLedet.net   • gregledet.net DD-WRT and the WRT310N: A how-to « GregLedet.net   • gregledet.net DD-WRT? In my WRT54G2? It’s more likely than you think ..  The site has about 2,691 users daily, viewing on average 1.02 pages each.  Links   • Links out   • squareup.com Accept credit cards with your iPhone, Android or iPad – Square   • charlie-moreno.com Charlie Moreno - Freelance Graphic Designer, Web Developer & Web Server Server Location 1&1 Internet Inc. Kansas Lenexa United States 38.95362, -94.73357  The programming language environment is PHP/5.2.17. ns57.1and1.com, & ns58.1and1.com are its DNS Nameservers. It is hosted by 1&1 Internet Inc (Kansas, Lenexa,) using Apache web server.  IP: 74.208.81.73  Powered by: PHP/5.2.17  Web Server: Apache  Encoding: utf-8  PING www. (74.208.81.73) 56(84) bytes of data. 64 bytes from perfora.net (74.208.81.73): icmp_seq=1 ttl=57 0.000 ms 64 bytes from perfora.net (74.208.81.73): icmp_seq=2 ttl=57 1.00 ms 64 bytes from perfora.net (74.208.81.73): icmp_seq=3 ttl=57 0.000 ms --- www. ping statistics --- 3 packets transmitted, 3 received, 0% packet loss, time 2000ms rtt min/avg/max/mdev = 0.000/0.333/1.000/0.471 ms rtt min/avg/max/mdev = 0.000/0.333/1.000/0.471 ms  A time of 0.000 ms, is recorded in a ping test.  Server Setup Date:-- Server:Apache X-Powered-By:PHP/5.2.17 Expires:-- Cache-Control:no-store, no-cache, must-revalidate, post-check=0, pre-check=0 Pragma:no-cache X-Pingback:/xmlrpc.php X-Mobilized-By:WordPress Mobile Pack 1.2.5 Link: Similar domains   • gregleeder.com.au gallery, our story, our awards      gregleeder.com.au    • Greg Leeder Homes, Website by Jetblack Digital W.A.      gregleeder.net.au    • gregleslie.com.au      gregleslie.com.au    • Greg Lloyd - Building and Construction      greglloyd.com.au    • greglloydsigns.com.au    • 0 A B C D E F G H I J K L M   • N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z   • About us   • Contact   • Remove website   • Disclaimer   • Privacy Policy   • Terms of Service   • Facebook   • Twitter   • © 2026
__label__cc TRENDING:  Flying with the Royal Malaysian Air Force in the Airbus... Erickson Celebrates 20 years of Fire Fighting operation... Warbird Photo Competition Finalists. Current list of Future Air Shows and Events A flight back in time. Flying in the Douglas DC-3/C-47 ... Aviation Spotters Online   • Home   • About   • News     • Military     • Civil Aviation       • Commercial Aviation       • General Aviation     • Warbirds     • Gear   • Galleries     • Military     • ASO SPOTTING     • Civil Aviation       • Commercial Aviation       • General Aviation     • Warbirds     • Walk Around   • Airshows     • Future Shows     • Past Shows   • Video  Select Page  Tag: Alice Springs Airport  Just what the Doc ordered – A look at the Royal Flying Doctor Service and Central Australian Operations  Just what the Doc ordered – A look at the Royal Flying Doctor Service and Central Australian Operations  by Sid Mitchell | Sep 21, 2016 | Civil Aviation | 4 |    Australia is a large continental island and most of the population tend to live close to...  Read More Loading  Recent Posts    • Pitch Black 2024 – Wrap Up and Review     Pitch Black 2024 – Wrap Up and Review     Aug 13, 2024 | Exercises, Feature, Military   • Royal Australian Air Force Boeing E-7A Wedgetail     Royal Australian Air Force Boeing E-7A Wedgetail     Apr 11, 2023 | Airshows   • United States Force’s descend into Avalon     United States Force’s descend into Avalon     Apr 7, 2023 | Airshows, Video   • USAF 6th ARS take Extender 83-0078 to farewell OZ     USAF 6th ARS take Extender 83-0078 to farewell OZ     Mar 20, 2023 | Airshows, Video  Category List  Blogroll    • Army Flying Museum   • Australain National Aviation Museum   • Australian Aviation Museum   • Aviation Heritage Museum Bull Creek   • B-24 Liberator Memorial Australia   • Caboolture War Plane Museum   • Classic Jets Fighter Museum   • Darwin Aviation Museum   • Edinburgh Airshow 2019   • Fighter World  Range of New Ads to be Inserted  Subscribe   Sponsors  ASO proudly supported by NPS  Shop Wild Earth, Australia's #1 Online Adventure Store, for high quality outdoor gear at great prices. Click here!  Search by Catagory  Meta    • Log in   • Entries feed   • Comments feed   • WordPress.org  Latest Photos  Mottys-Photo_2025_02_22_06548-DTLR-1-001-ASO Mottys-Photo_2025_02_22_06494-DTLR-1-001-ASO Mottys-Photo_2025_02_22_06248-DTLR-1-001-ASO Mottys-Photo_2025_02_22_06189-DTLR-1-001-ASO Mottys-Photo_2025_02_22_06128-DTLR-1-001-ASO Mottys-Photo_2025_02_22_06046-DTLR-1-001-ASO Mottys-Photo_2025_02_22_05962-DTLR-1-001-ASO Mottys-Photo_2025_02_22_05884-DTLR-1-001-ASO Mottys-Photo_2025_02_22_05796-DTLR-1-001-ASO Mottys-Photo_2025_02_22_05766-DTLR-1-001-ASO Mottys-Photo_2025_02_22_05524-DTLR-1-001-ASO Mottys-Photo_2025_02_22_05496-DTLR-1-001-ASO  Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress
__label__cc 加入收藏 | 设为首页 | 联系方式   • 首页   • 投稿指南   • 征稿简则   • 期刊简介   • 编委会   • 审稿指南   • 相关下载   • 联系我们   • 订阅指南   • 作者留言   • English 易 立，单 勇，张靖周，孙文静.带红外抑制器的直升机整机红外辐射特性数值计算[J].航空发动机,2025,51(2):97-104 带红外抑制器的直升机整机红外辐射特性数值计算 Numerical Investigation on Infrared Characteristics of a Helicopter with Infrared Suppressor    DOI： 中文关键词:  直升机  红外辐射特征  红外抑制器  数值计算  太阳辐射 英文关键词:helicopter  infrared radiation characteristics  infrared suppressor  numerical calculation  solar radiation 基金项目:国家级研究项目资助 作者单位 易 立，单 勇，张靖周，孙文静 南京航空航天大学 能源与动力学院,南京 210016  摘要点击次数: 1115 全文下载次数: 611 中文摘要:       为获得直升机整机的红外辐射特征，构建了带分流引射式红外抑制器的直升机模型，耦合旋翼下洗气流、前飞来流和排 气喷流，考虑发动机机匣、红外抑制器与机身的换热，研究了直升机整机在悬停、飞行状态下的整机红外辐射空间分布。结果表 明：在悬停状态下，旋翼下洗气流呈现“螺旋”状流动，表现为“下压”排气喷流并使其偏向左侧，从而引起整机辐射的左右不对称； 在前飞状态下，前飞来流与旋翼下洗气流相互作用，共同影响排气喷流的发展。太阳辐射使向阳面机身蒙皮温度显著升高，整体 温升为10 K左右，最高温升可达23 K，改变太阳光入射方向，机身向阳面蒙皮温升程度相似，温升区域改变。整机3~5 μm波段， 飞行速度增大导致气体红外辐射强度降低，在270 km/h下较悬停时的降低35%左右，太阳辐射则使机身向阳面蒙皮辐射显著增 强，增幅最高可达30%以上；整机8~14 μm波段，红外辐射强度受飞行速度影响较小，在不同速度下差异为2%左右，太阳光自机身 侧方入射时，向阳侧较另一侧8~14 μm波段红外辐射强度整体提升10%左右。 英文摘要:       In order to obtain the infrared radiation characteristics of the whole helicopter, a helicopter model with multi-nozzles ejec? tor infrared suppressor was constructed. Coupling with rotor downwash flow, forward incoming flow and exhaust jet flow, and considering the heat transfer of engine casing, infrared suppressor and fuselage, the spatial distribution of infrared radiation of the whole helicopter under hovering and flying conditions was studied. The results show that: in the hover condition, the rotor downwash airflow exhibits a "spiral" flow, which is manifested as "press down" exhaust jet and makes it deviate to the left, resulting in the left and right asymmetry of the radiation of the whole helicopter. In the forward flight condition, the forward incoming flow interacts with the rotor downwash flow to affect the development of the exhaust jet. Solar radiation significantly increases the skin temperature on the sunny side of the fuselage. The overall temperature rise on the sunny side of the fuselage is about 10 K, and the maximum temperature rise can reach 23 K. Changing the direction of sunlight incidence, the extent of the temperature rise of the skin on the sunny side of the fuselage is similar, and the temperature rise area changes. In the 3 μm to 5 μm band, the increase of flight speed leads to the decrease of gas infrared radiation intensity, which is about 35% lower at 270 km/h compared to that at hovering condition, and the solar radiation significantly increases the sunny side skin radiation, up to 30% or more. In the 8 μm to 14 μm band, the infrared radiation characteristics of the whole helicopter are less affected by the flight speed,, with a difference about 2% at different speeds. When the sunlight is incident on the side of the fuselage, the overall infrared radiation intensity in the 8 μm to 14 μm band of the sunny side is about 10% higher than that of the other side. 查看全文  HTML  查看/发表评论  下载PDF阅读器 版权所有： 地址：辽宁省沈阳市沈河区万莲路1号 技术支持：北京勤云科技发展有限公司
__label__cc B10g  Friday, August 24, 2012  Waste and Capitol  Wasteland 2 is a title I've been keeping in the corner of my eye since it's development was announced earlier this year. The original Wasteland was the precursor to the Fallout series, which was created when Black Isles couldn't get the rights to the franchise. I'm not expecting anything from the new Wasteland, mainly because I know very little about it. However, I am hopeful that it will have success similar to Fallout 3 though, seeing the large similarities between the IPs.  There's good news too, according to Brian Fargo, the project lead, the game is coming right along. Wasteland 2 was kickstarted by crowd funding, so there are no corporate overlords to demand the game have safe and easy-to-market design. The budget is a bit small compared to traditional publisher backed games, but seeing as how there's no corporate cut to be taken that's a small price to pay. The game is far from done though, and until It's release draws dangerously close I probably won't be playing much attention to it.  But I am still hoping it becomes a breakout hit that makes me love the wasteland even more.  ----Strife Out----  Written by Unknown at 4:22:00 AM  No comments:  Post a Comment  Newer Post Older Post Home Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom)  Post Archive    • ►  2014 (4)     • ►  April (2)     • ►  March (2)   • ►  2013 (22)     • ►  September (2)     • ►  August (1)     • ►  April (3)     • ►  March (6)     • ►  February (3)     • ►  January (7)   • ▼  2012 (103)     • ►  December (4)     • ►  November (7)     • ►  October (9)     • ►  September (6)     • ▼  August (9)       • The Core Square       • Skyrim - Hearthfire       • B10g - Analogue A Hate Story       • Waste and Capitol       • Black is Back       • The Stones of Barenziah 2/2       • In the Mist       • The Stones of Barenziah 1/2       • New Beginnings     • ►  July (7)     • ►  June (12)     • ►  May (9)     • ►  April (16)     • ►  March (18)     • ►  February (1)     • ►  January (5)   • ►  2011 (24)     • ►  December (1)     • ►  November (3)     • ►  October (3)     • ►  September (3)     • ►  August (5)     • ►  July (5)     • ►  April (1)     • ►  February (1)     • ►  January (2)   • ►  2010 (21)     • ►  December (2)     • ►  November (1)     • ►  October (1)     • ►  August (1)     • ►  July (1)     • ►  June (1)     • ►  May (2)     • ►  April (4)     • ►  March (2)     • ►  February (3)     • ►  January (3)   • ►  2009 (25)     • ►  November (2)     • ►  October (1)     • ►  September (4)     • ►  August (2)     • ►  July (3)     • ►  June (3)     • ►  May (2)     • ►  April (3)     • ►  March (2)     • ►  February (2)     • ►  January (1)   • ►  2008 (49)     • ►  December (4)     • ►  November (2)     • ►  October (3)     • ►  September (5)     • ►  August (3)     • ►  July (2)     • ►  June (5)     • ►  May (5)     • ►  April (8)     • ►  March (5)     • ►  January (7)   • ►  2007 (61)     • ►  November (3)     • ►  October (2)     • ►  September (4)     • ►  August (5)     • ►  July (3)     • ►  June (4)     • ►  April (7)     • ►  March (12)     • ►  February (11)     • ►  January (10)   • ►  2006 (11)     • ►  December (11)  About Me  Unknown View my complete profile Powered by Blogger. Google+
__label__cc Bangkok Porn Thai Girls Wild | Cat     Thai Girls Wild | Cat  Shaved and spread wide open for the camera while big cock splits it open  Tuk Tuk Patrol | Lilly Rose     Tuk Tuk Patrol | Lilly Rose  Glamorous Thai beauty with full figure lays back for that hard foreigner cock on bed  Go Go Bar Auditions | Tittiporn     Go Go Bar Auditions | Tittiporn  Busty Bangkok escorts tits shake while she rides a cock reverse cowgirl on couch  Creampie in Asia | Pop     Creampie in Asia | Pop  This slender Bangkok amateur gets pumped full of cum by Japanese tourist  Creampie Thai's | Winnie     Creampie Thai's | Winnie  Winnie specializes in sucking cocks dry before she lets her man fuck her  Tuk Tuk Patrol | Tan     Tuk Tuk Patrol | Tan  Beautiful Bangkok beauty Tan loves giving it her all on camera fucking a big white cock  Asian Sex Diary - Powpei     Asian Sex Diary - Powpei  Tiny little Viet teen Powpei works over big white cock for cash  Tuk TUk Patrol - Pear     Tuk TUk Patrol - Pear  Pear is a fantastic cock sucker who loves to work on white meat  Asians Video     Asians Video  Gorgeous Thai model bends over to show off her perfect little ass and snatch  Tuk Tuk Patrol - Mint     Tuk Tuk Patrol - Mint  Mint is a hot bodied 19 year old fuck doll picked up on Trike for first timer fuck fun  Creampie Thai's - Toi     Creampie Thai's - Toi  18 year older picked up by foreigner fucks on camera for deep creampie  Creampie in Asia - Cat     Creampie in Asia - Cat  Skinny teen with perky little tits and nipples loves that Japanese cock inside her  Creampie Thai's - Mook     Creampie Thai's - Mook  Cute Thai teen has a slender hot young body made for boom boom with foreigners  Creampie in Asia - Cherry     Creampie in Asia - Cherry  Beautiful full bodied Thai mommy takes off her clothes to fuck foreigner  Tuk Tuk Patrol - Golf     Tuk Tuk Patrol - Golf  Golf is a full bodied hooker who is picked up for some afternoon fun with sex tourist  Asian Sex Diary Ann & Joy     Asian Sex Diary Ann & Joy  Ann pimps out one of her friends to foreign sex tourist John Tron  Creampie in Asia - Fon     Creampie in Asia - Fon  Slender Thai beauty gets her pussy filled up with foreigners warm cum  Tuk Tuk Patrol - Mint     Tuk Tuk Patrol - Mint  Mint is a full bodied beauty picked up for sex by the Tuk Tuk Patrol  Filipina Webcams - Sweet Eva     Filipina Webcams - Sweet Eva  Gorgeous Asian MILF with fantastic body on display at Filipina Webcams  Tuk Tuk Patrol - Pear     Tuk Tuk Patrol - Pear  Pear is one hot Bangkok bar girl with fantastic cock sucking skills  Asian Sexy Diary - Lexi & Chris     Asian Sexy Diary - Lexi & Chris  Two beautiful Hong Kong freelancers wake up to John Tron's big dick  Asian Candy Shop     Asian Candy Shop  Gorgeous Bangkok beauty makes sensual love to foreign stud  Asian Sex Diary - Jubjang     Asian Sex Diary - Jubjang  Beautiful Thai teen Jubjang is picked up by sex tourist John Tron  Thai Girls Wild - Crystal     Thai Girls Wild - Crystal  Bangkok hooker Crystal is banged every which way by horny foreigner  Thai Girls Wild - Mai Mai     Thai Girls Wild - Mai Mai  Mai Mai is a shy Bangkok teen who gives up her pussy on camera for cash  Tuk Tuk Patrol - Lin     Tuk Tuk Patrol - Lin  Bangkok hooker Lin is a solid Thai MILF with lots of sucky fucky skills  Creampie in Asia - May     Creampie in Asia - May  Japanese tourist fucks amateur pick up May in bareback cream pie sex  Tuk Tuk Patrol - Song     Tuk Tuk Patrol - Song  Bangkok amateur turns out to be one incredible cock sucking cutie  Go Go Bar Auditions     Go Go Bar Auditions  Young Sandy gets her pussy filled with bar owners cock during job interview  Thai Pussy Massage - Thang     Thai Pussy Massage - Thang  Bangkok teen Thang ends up fucking the Masseuse during a sensual massage  Thai Girls Wild | Nin     Thai Girls Wild | Nin  Pigtailed Thai teen Nin plays with horny foreigner after bar fine  Asian Sex Diary | Elsa     Asian Sex Diary | Elsa  Petite Hongkong hooker Elsa is ready to please a fat German cock  Exploited Teens Asia     Exploited Teens Asia  Slender Bangkok hooker gets nasty on foreigner big dick  UandMe22     UandMe22  Tiny little Asian treat plays on her live private webcam naked  Thai Pussy Massage | Balloon     Thai Pussy Massage | Balloon  Gorgeous full bodied Thai teen is banged on massage table  Asian Sex Diary | Ann & Hanya     Asian Sex Diary | Ann & Hanya  Two HongKong freelancers are woken for early morning sex  Go Go Bar Auditions  Bar owner needs girls for his Pattaya Walking Street A-GoGo Bar. He doesn't want lazy or non-performing girls working the club. He decides to interview each Thai teen that wants the job. He tells them what he expects of the girls in the club, and they must show him if they can deliver. They do with stripping down to their birthday suits, dancing naked, and then fucking the bar owner to get the job. A job interview for this club is a workout.  Go Go Bar Auditions Creampie Thai's | Cheeky     Creampie Thai's | Cheeky  Sensual Thai teen Cheeky rips Tony's big dick apart during sex  Tuk Tuk Patrol | Bee     Tuk Tuk Patrol | Bee  Beautiful Bangkok teen Bee is all over this hard foreign cock  Tuk Tuk Patrol | Hannah Lee     Tuk Tuk Patrol | Hannah Lee  Sexy Bangkok model is fucked after picked up on Tuk Tuk  Thai Girls Wild | Kanya     Thai Girls Wild | Kanya  Slender Thai teen Kanya spreads her legs for a big foreign cock  Creampie Thai's | Tittiporn     Creampie Thai's | Tittiporn  The largest boobs in Thailand and riding on a huge white dick  Creampie in Asia | May     Creampie in Asia | May  Thai teen May jerks off a Japanese sex tourist  Creampie in Asia | Nok     Creampie in Asia | Nok  Nok is a province girl who spreads her legs to make ends meat  Thai Girls Wild | Sukhon     Thai Girls Wild | Sukhon  Beautiful Thai escort Katt spreads her pussy wide for big cock  Tuk Tuk Patrol | Mai     Tuk Tuk Patrol | Mai  Gorgeous tiny Thai teen fucks for money and cum  Mistress of Asia     Mistress of Asia  Thai Princess wants you to smell her dirty white sox  Creampie Thai's | Sunny     Creampie Thai's | Sunny  Thai teen with braces knows how to blow a cock  Thai Pussy Massage | Songsuda     Thai Pussy Massage | Songsuda  Songsuda opens her mouth wide for a load of warm cum  I Love Thai Pussy | Cat     I Love Thai Pussy | Cat  Cat is a Thai hooker who gets picked up by sex tourist Klaus in Pattaya  Thai Money Princess     Thai Money Princess  She wants a man to be her bitch for the night  Thai Pussy Massage | Tippiwan     Thai Pussy Massage | Tippiwan  Massage on hot Thai amateur with the two finger massage  Tuk Tuk Patrol | Nut     Tuk Tuk Patrol | Nut  She looks innocent but she loves cock like any other lady  Tuk Tuk Patrol | Pla     Tuk Tuk Patrol | Pla  Amateur pick up nets a hot Thai babe who loves big white dicks  Thai Pussy Massage | Annie     Thai Pussy Massage | Annie  Newby with braces loves the massage and the cock  Creampie Thai's | Ittiporn     Creampie Thai's | Ittiporn  Thai cutie spreads her beaver open for cock  Tuk Tuk Patrol - Na     Tuk Tuk Patrol - Na  Great blowjob and a perfect heart shaped booty  Creampie Thai's - Pimmy     Creampie Thai's - Pimmy  Lovely young Thai doll gets filled up with cum  Asian Sybian - Parw     Asian Sybian - Parw  Slender Thai beauty Parw works over her pussy on Sybian  Asian Suck Dolls - Not     Asian Suck Dolls - Not  This experienced sex worker knows how to suck a cock  Asian Sex Diary - Bee & Miaw     Asian Sex Diary - Bee & Miaw  Two beautiful Bangkok bar girls barfined for threesome with John Tron  Asian Sex Diary - Leena     Asian Sex Diary - Leena  Fuckable young Asian teen gets in the sack with sex tourist John Tron  Teen Thai - Lita     Teen Thai - Lita  Seductress Lita is a gorgeous Bangkok escort with incredible fuck skills  Asian Candy Shop     Asian Candy Shop  Drop dead gorgeous Thai model spreads her legs for the camera  Tuk Tuk Patrol - Am2     Tuk Tuk Patrol - Am2  Underneath this god awful dress lies a beautiful erotic Thai hooker  Creampie Thai's - Chailai     Creampie Thai's - Chailai  Gorgeous Pattaya, Thailand prostitute Chailai is ready for some warm cum  Go Go Bar Auditions     Go Go Bar Auditions  Audition goes well for energetic and hot young 18 year old Thai teen  Asian Sex Diary  Follow the sexual exploits of foreign sex tourist John Tron as he travels from one Asian county to the next fucking innocent amateurs without a condom. He leaves his sperm behind, usually in their pussies as his trademark. He's a fun guy to watch talk the girls into their first sex videos. They all usually agree, and usually fuck him really long and hard on video. Thousands of sex tourist travel videos and fuck videos of the hottest Philippine, Thai, Vietnamese, Cambodian and Indonesian women on the web.  Asian Sex Diary Asian Sex Diary - Mint     Asian Sex Diary - Mint  Creampie Thai's - Kamala     Creampie Thai's - Kamala  Tuk Tuk Patrol - Pauw     Tuk Tuk Patrol - Pauw  Tuk Tuk Patrol - Kai Nee     Tuk Tuk Patrol - Kai Nee  Filipina     Filipina  Asian Sex Diary - Theara     Asian Sex Diary - Theara  Tuk Tuk Patrol - Oom     Tuk Tuk Patrol - Oom  Creampie Thai's - Kaeo     Creampie Thai's - Kaeo  Creampie Thai's - Sopa     Creampie Thai's - Sopa  Tuk Tuk Patrol - Farina     Tuk Tuk Patrol - Farina  Tuk Tuk Patrol - Game     Tuk Tuk Patrol - Game  Tuk Tuk Patrol - Cream     Tuk Tuk Patrol - Cream  Tuk Tuk Patrol - Pai     Tuk Tuk Patrol - Pai  I Love Thai Pussy - Amp     I Love Thai Pussy - Amp  Creampie Thai's - Phim     Creampie Thai's - Phim  I Love Thai Pussy - Micky     I Love Thai Pussy - Micky  Creampie Thai's - Nattaporn     Creampie Thai's - Nattaporn  Tuk Tuk Patrol - Nicki     Tuk Tuk Patrol - Nicki  Tuk Tuk Patrol - Ann     Tuk Tuk Patrol - Ann  Trike Patrol - Anna     Trike Patrol - Anna  Thai     Thai  I Love Thai Pussy - Jen     I Love Thai Pussy - Jen  I Love Thai Pussy - Meow     I Love Thai Pussy - Meow  I Love Thai Pussy - Beer     I Love Thai Pussy - Beer  Submit Your Thai - Rose     Submit Your Thai - Rose  Thai Girls Wild - Bovy     Thai Girls Wild - Bovy  Tuk Tuk Patrol - Pla     Tuk Tuk Patrol - Pla  Thai Girls Wild - An     Thai Girls Wild - An  Creampie Thai's - Kik     Creampie Thai's - Kik  Thainee     Thainee  Every Holes A-GoGo - Tammy     Every Holes A-GoGo - Tammy  Tuk Tuk Patrol - Opor     Tuk Tuk Patrol - Opor  Creampie Thai's - Maliwan     Creampie Thai's - Maliwan  Thai Big and Busty     Thai Big and Busty  Asian Fellation     Asian Fellation  Thai Girl Tia     Thai Girl Tia  Thai Pussy Massage  The owner of a Bangkok Massage Parlor starts his massages like any other massage, slow and soothing. Then with some inappropriate hand movements to the private parts of his beautiful customers, he turns them on and fucks them right on the table. Massage sex in Thailand turned around with a male masseuse fucking the female customers at Thai Pussy Massage.  Thai Pussy Massage Tuk Tuk Patrol - Aon     Tuk Tuk Patrol - Aon  Thai Girls Wild - Tauey     Thai Girls Wild - Tauey  Asian Candy Shop     Asian Candy Shop  Mistress of Asia     Mistress of Asia  Thai Girls Wild - Jak     Thai Girls Wild - Jak  Creampie Thai's - Lamay     Creampie Thai's - Lamay  Tuk Tuk Patrol - Kume     Tuk Tuk Patrol - Kume  Tuk Tuk Patrol - Paw     Tuk Tuk Patrol - Paw  Thai Girls Wild - Mo     Thai Girls Wild - Mo  Thai     Thai  Thai Girls Wild - Ploy     Thai Girls Wild - Ploy  Juicy Bunnies - Gate     Juicy Bunnies - Gate  Thai Girls Wild - Preaw     Thai Girls Wild - Preaw  Thai Girls Wild - An     Thai Girls Wild - An  Thai Girls Wild - Noi     Thai Girls Wild - Noi  Thai Girls Wild - Sarika     Thai Girls Wild - Sarika  Thai Girls Wild     Thai Girls Wild  Asian Sex Diary - Ann & Joy     Asian Sex Diary - Ann & Joy  Asian Sex Diary - Akie     Asian Sex Diary - Akie  Thai Girls Wild - Yui     Thai Girls Wild - Yui  Thai Girls Wild - Pam     Thai Girls Wild - Pam  Creampie in Asia  Follow the sexual exploits of a Japanese sex tourist banging his way through Asia in bareback mode. He fucks the girls he meets without a condom, films it all and cums deep inside their pussies. It's 100% Asian Creampie fuck action and it's all about dumping his load in hot Asian amateurs. Great new site and access to multiple sites at Creampie in Asia.  Creampie in Asia Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Filipina     Filipina  Filipina     Filipina  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Filipina     Filipina  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Asian     Asian  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Filipina     Filipina  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Asian     Asian  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Filipina     Filipina  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Webcams     Webcams  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai     Thai  Thai Girls Wild  Thai Girls Wild is a long running website update monthly with new XXX videos and pictures from Thailand. The site hosts all Thai women in hardcore fuck scenes. See amateurs, escorts and bar girls fuck for cash. These hot bodied nypho's love sex with big foreign cock.  Thai Girls Wild  Tuk Tuk Patrol  Follow foreign sex pats touring Bangkok and Pattaya, Thailand on Tuk Tuk in search of hot pussy to fuck. These horny foreigners pick up amateur Thai beauties and offer them cash for sex on film. They gladly accept the ride and the cock. Some of the hottest amateur sex from Thailand you'll ever see at Tuk Tuk Patrol  Tuk Tuk Patrol  Creampie Thais  ALl Creampie porn videos shot in Thailand. No condoms allowed on this website as all the hot young Thai teens fucked are inseminated with warm foreign sperm. The hottest Bangkok and Pattaya hookers fucked on film and loaded with cum at Creampie Thai.  Creampie Thais  02/21/2018 30/08/2018
__label__cc Spring til navigation Spring til indhold Barndomsfoto.dk   • Log-in for kunder   • Forside   • Gallerier     • Privat fotografering     • Institutioner     • Mødregrupper   • Om Barndomsfoto     • Hvordan jeg arbejder     • Rettigheder   • Priser   • Kontakt   • Log-in for kunder   • Gallerier     • Institutioner     • Mødregrupper     • Privat fotografering   • Om Barndomsfoto     • Hvordan jeg arbejder     • Rettigheder   • Priser   • Kontakt   • kr. 0,00 0 varer Forside / Min Konto  Min Konto  Log ind  Mistet din adgangskode?  Pernille Holm Andersen Fotograf Dagmar Hansens Gade 29, 1 8240 Risskov T: +45 2087 4237 pernille@barndomsfoto.dk barndomsfoto.dk  © barndomsfoto.dk  Privatlivspolitik  Handelsbetingelser  Her kan du betale med:  © Barndomsfoto.dk 2026 PrivatlivspolitikLavet med WooCommerce.   • Min konto   • Søg   • Indkøbskurv 0 Dette website anvender cookies for at forbedre din oplevelse. Vi antager det er ok med dig, men hvis ikke kan du fravælge os, hvis du ønsker det.Cookie indstillingerOK Privacy & Cookies Policy  Privacy Overview  This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary Altid aktiveret Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. GEM & ACCEPTÈR
__label__cc   • Blog   • Features   • Buy Battle Brothers   • FAQ   • Media     • Images     • Videos   • The Team   • Forums   • Registration   • Presskit  Login  Time limit is exhausted. Please reload CAPTCHA.   Lost your password?  Register Forgotten Password Cancel  Reply To: Is this forum dead?  Home › Forums › Battle Brothers: Game Discussion & Feedback › Is this forum dead? › Reply To: Is this forum dead?  2. June 2018 at 09:33 #22553 Avatar phototarduk Participant  this game is really good but need more expension to keep it alive.  ©  Made by Overhype Studios UG. | Imprint and Privacy Policy    By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. more information  The cookie settings on this website are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best browsing experience possible. If you continue to use this website without changing your cookie settings or you click "Accept" below then you are consenting to this.  Close
__label__cc  Skip navigation   • Home   • Browse     • Communities       & Collections     • ???jsp.layout.navbar-default.browse-by???     • Issue Date     • Author     • Advisor     • Title     • Subject     • CNPq Areas     • Department     • Program     • Document Type     • Access Type   • Help     • About Harversting     • FAQ   • ???jsp.home.about???   • ???jsp.home.about.bdtd???   • Sign on to:     • My DSpace     • Receive email       updates     • Edit Profile English   Español   Português    Unoeste  ???jsp.home.dspace.heading.type???   Search     Current filters:          Add filters:  Use filters to refine the search results.  Results 1-1 of 1 (Search time: 0.002 seconds).   • previous   • 1   • next Item hits: Issue DatePreviewTitleAuthor(s)???itemlist.dc.contributor.advisor1???ProgramDocument Type 27-Feb-2019Yara Loyanne de Almeida Silva Levi.pdf.jpgEfeitos da administração de probiótico Bifidobacterium animalis subsp. lactis HN019 na progressão da periodontite experimental em ratos submetidos a quimioterapiaLEVI, Yara Loyanne de Almeida SilvaAndraus, Luciana Prado MaiaMestrado em OdontologiaDissertação ???jsp.display-item.social.title???  Discover  ???jsp.search.facet.refine.referees???   • 1 Costa, Priscila Paganini ???jsp.search.facet.refine.contributor???   • 1 Andraus, Luciana Prado Maia Subject   • 1 Antineoplastic Agents,   • 1 Antineoplásicos   • 1 Bifidobacterium animalis   • 1 Bifidobacterium animalis,   • 1 Neoplasias   • 1 Neoplasms   • 1 Periodontite   • . next > Institution   • 1 Universidade do Oeste Paulista ???jsp.search.facet.refine.initials???   • 1 UNOESTE ???jsp.search.facet.refine.program???   • 1 Mestrado em Odontologia ???jsp.search.facet.refine.department???   • 1 Mestrado em Odontologia Document Type   • 1 Dissertação Date issued   • 1 2019 Unoeste 0800 7715533 / (18) 32292003 bdtd@unoeste.br
__label__cc Modules | Directives | FAQ | Glossary | Sitemap  Apache HTTP Server Version 2.4  <- Apache > HTTP Server > Documentation > Version 2.4  Content Negotiation  Available Languages:  en  |  fr  |  ja  |  ko  |  tr   Apache HTTPD supports content negotiation as described in the HTTP/1.1 specification. It can choose the best representation of a resource based on the browser-supplied preferences for media type, languages, character set and encoding. It also implements a couple of features to give more intelligent handling of requests from browsers that send incomplete negotiation information.  Content negotiation is provided by the mod_negotiation module, which is compiled in by default.  Support Apache!   • About Content Negotiation   • Negotiation in httpd   • The Negotiation Methods   • Fiddling with Quality Values   • Extensions to Transparent Content Negotiation   • Note on hyperlinks and naming conventions   • Note on Caching  See also    • Comments top  About Content Negotiation  A resource may be available in several different representations. For example, it might be available in different languages or different media types, or a combination. One way of selecting the most appropriate choice is to give the user an index page, and let them select. However it is often possible for the server to choose automatically. This works because browsers can send, as part of each request, information about what representations they prefer. For example, a browser could indicate that it would like to see information in French, if possible, else English will do. Browsers indicate their preferences by headers in the request. To request only French representations, the browser would send  Accept-Language: fr  Note that this preference will only be applied when there is a choice of representations and they vary by language.  As an example of a more complex request, this browser has been configured to accept French and English, but prefer French, and to accept various media types, preferring HTML over plain text or other text types, and preferring GIF or JPEG over other media types, but also allowing any other media type as a last resort:  Accept-Language: fr; q=1.0, en; q=0.5 Accept: text/html; q=1.0, text/*; q=0.8, image/gif; q=0.6, image/jpeg; q=0.6, image/*; q=0.5, */*; q=0.1  httpd supports 'server driven' content negotiation, as defined in the HTTP/1.1 specification. It fully supports the Accept, Accept-Language, Accept-Charset and Accept-Encoding request headers. httpd also supports 'transparent' content negotiation, which is an experimental negotiation protocol defined in RFC 2295 and RFC 2296. It does not offer support for 'feature negotiation' as defined in these RFCs.  A resource is a conceptual entity identified by a URI (RFC 2396). An HTTP server like Apache HTTP Server provides access to representations of the resource(s) within its namespace, with each representation in the form of a sequence of bytes with a defined media type, character set, encoding, etc. Each resource may be associated with zero, one, or more than one representation at any given time. If multiple representations are available, the resource is referred to as negotiable and each of its representations is termed a variant. The ways in which the variants for a negotiable resource vary are called the dimensions of negotiation.  top  Negotiation in httpd  In order to negotiate a resource, the server needs to be given information about each of the variants. This is done in one of two ways:    • Using a type map (i.e., a *.var file) which names the files containing the variants explicitly, or   • Using a 'MultiViews' search, where the server does an implicit filename pattern match and chooses from among the results.  Using a type-map file  A type map is a document which is associated with the handler named type-map (or, for backwards-compatibility with older httpd configurations, the MIME-type application/x-type-map). Note that to use this feature, you must have a handler set in the configuration that defines a file suffix as type-map; this is best done with  AddHandler type-map .var  in the server configuration file.  Type map files should have the same name as the resource which they are describing, followed by the extension .var. In the examples shown below, the resource is named foo, so the type map file is named foo.var.  This file should have an entry for each available variant; these entries consist of contiguous HTTP-format header lines. Entries for different variants are separated by blank lines. Blank lines are illegal within an entry. It is conventional to begin a map file with an entry for the combined entity as a whole (although this is not required, and if present will be ignored). An example map file is shown below.  URIs in this file are relative to the location of the type map file. Usually, these files will be located in the same directory as the type map file, but this is not required. You may provide absolute or relative URIs for any file located on the same server as the map file.  URI: foo  URI: foo.en.html Content-type: text/html Content-language: en  URI: foo.fr.de.html Content-type: text/html;charset=iso-8859-2 Content-language: fr, de  Note also that a typemap file will take precedence over the filename's extension, even when Multiviews is on. If the variants have different source qualities, that may be indicated by the "qs" parameter to the media type, as in this picture (available as JPEG, GIF, or ASCII-art):  URI: foo  URI: foo.jpeg Content-type: image/jpeg; qs=0.8  URI: foo.gif Content-type: image/gif; qs=0.5  URI: foo.txt Content-type: text/plain; qs=0.01  qs values can vary in the range 0.000 to 1.000. Note that any variant with a qs value of 0.000 will never be chosen. Variants with no 'qs' parameter value are given a qs factor of 1.0. The qs parameter indicates the relative 'quality' of this variant compared to the other available variants, independent of the client's capabilities. For example, a JPEG file is usually of higher source quality than an ASCII file if it is attempting to represent a photograph. However, if the resource being represented is an original ASCII art, then an ASCII representation would have a higher source quality than a JPEG representation. A qs value is therefore specific to a given variant depending on the nature of the resource it represents.  The full list of headers recognized is available in the mod_negotiation typemap documentation.  Multiviews  MultiViews is a per-directory option, meaning it can be set with an Options directive within a <Directory>, <Location> or <Files> section in apache2.conf, or (if AllowOverride is properly set) in .htaccess files. Note that Options All does not set MultiViews; you have to ask for it by name.  The effect of MultiViews is as follows: if the server receives a request for /some/dir/foo, if /some/dir has MultiViews enabled, and /some/dir/foo does not exist, then the server reads the directory looking for files named foo.*, and effectively fakes up a type map which names all those files, assigning them the same media types and content-encodings it would have if the client had asked for one of them by name. It then chooses the best match to the client's requirements.  MultiViews may also apply to searches for the file named by the DirectoryIndex directive, if the server is trying to index a directory. If the configuration files specify  DirectoryIndex index  then the server will arbitrate between index.html and index.html3 if both are present. If neither are present, and index.cgi is there, the server will run it.  If one of the files found when reading the directory does not have an extension recognized by mod_mime to designate its Charset, Content-Type, Language, or Encoding, then the result depends on the setting of the MultiViewsMatch directive. This directive determines whether handlers, filters, and other extension types can participate in MultiViews negotiation.  top  The Negotiation Methods  After httpd has obtained a list of the variants for a given resource, either from a type-map file or from the filenames in the directory, it invokes one of two methods to decide on the 'best' variant to return, if any. It is not necessary to know any of the details of how negotiation actually takes place in order to use httpd's content negotiation features. However the rest of this document explains the methods used for those interested.  There are two negotiation methods:    1. Server driven negotiation with the httpd algorithm is used in the normal case. The httpd algorithm is explained in more detail below. When this algorithm is used, httpd can sometimes 'fiddle' the quality factor of a particular dimension to achieve a better result. The ways httpd can fiddle quality factors is explained in more detail below.   2. Transparent content negotiation is used when the browser specifically requests this through the mechanism defined in RFC 2295. This negotiation method gives the browser full control over deciding on the 'best' variant, the result is therefore dependent on the specific algorithms used by the browser. As part of the transparent negotiation process, the browser can ask httpd to run the 'remote variant selection algorithm' defined in RFC 2296.  Dimensions of Negotiation  Dimension Notes Media Type Browser indicates preferences with the Accept header field. Each item can have an associated quality factor. Variant description can also have a quality factor (the "qs" parameter). Language Browser indicates preferences with the Accept-Language header field. Each item can have a quality factor. Variants can be associated with none, one or more than one language. Encoding Browser indicates preference with the Accept-Encoding header field. Each item can have a quality factor. Charset Browser indicates preference with the Accept-Charset header field. Each item can have a quality factor. Variants can indicate a charset as a parameter of the media type.  httpd Negotiation Algorithm  httpd can use the following algorithm to select the 'best' variant (if any) to return to the browser. This algorithm is not further configurable. It operates as follows:    1. First, for each dimension of the negotiation, check the appropriate Accept* header field and assign a quality to each variant. If the Accept* header for any dimension implies that this variant is not acceptable, eliminate it. If no variants remain, go to step 4.   2. Select the 'best' variant by a process of elimination. Each of the following tests is applied in order. Any variants not selected at each test are eliminated. After each test, if only one variant remains, select it as the best match and proceed to step 3. If more than one variant remains, move on to the next test.     1. Multiply the quality factor from the Accept header with the quality-of-source factor for this variants media type, and select the variants with the highest value.     2. Select the variants with the highest language quality factor.     3. Select the variants with the best language match, using either the order of languages in the Accept-Language header (if present), or else the order of languages in the LanguagePriority directive (if present).     4. Select the variants with the highest 'level' media parameter (used to give the version of text/html media types).     5. Select variants with the best charset media parameters, as given on the Accept-Charset header line. Charset ISO-8859-1 is acceptable unless explicitly excluded. Variants with a text/* media type but not explicitly associated with a particular charset are assumed to be in ISO-8859-1.     6. Select those variants which have associated charset media parameters that are not ISO-8859-1. If there are no such variants, select all variants instead.     7. Select the variants with the best encoding. If there are variants with an encoding that is acceptable to the user-agent, select only these variants. Otherwise if there is a mix of encoded and non-encoded variants, select only the unencoded variants. If either all variants are encoded or all variants are not encoded, select all variants.     8. Select the variants with the smallest content length.     9. Select the first variant of those remaining. This will be either the first listed in the type-map file, or when variants are read from the directory, the one whose file name comes first when sorted using ASCII code order.   3. The algorithm has now selected one 'best' variant, so return it as the response. The HTTP response header Vary is set to indicate the dimensions of negotiation (browsers and caches can use this information when caching the resource). End.   4. To get here means no variant was selected (because none are acceptable to the browser). Return a 406 status (meaning "No acceptable representation") with a response body consisting of an HTML document listing the available variants. Also set the HTTP Vary header to indicate the dimensions of variance. top  Fiddling with Quality Values  httpd sometimes changes the quality values from what would be expected by a strict interpretation of the httpd negotiation algorithm above. This is to get a better result from the algorithm for browsers which do not send full or accurate information. Some of the most popular browsers send Accept header information which would otherwise result in the selection of the wrong variant in many cases. If a browser sends full and correct information these fiddles will not be applied.  Media Types and Wildcards  The Accept: request header indicates preferences for media types. It can also include 'wildcard' media types, such as "image/*" or "*/*" where the * matches any string. So a request including:  Accept: image/*, */*  would indicate that any type starting "image/" is acceptable, as is any other type. Some browsers routinely send wildcards in addition to explicit types they can handle. For example:  Accept: text/html, text/plain, image/gif, image/jpeg, */*  The intention of this is to indicate that the explicitly listed types are preferred, but if a different representation is available, that is ok too. Using explicit quality values, what the browser really wants is something like:  Accept: text/html, text/plain, image/gif, image/jpeg, */*; q=0.01  The explicit types have no quality factor, so they default to a preference of 1.0 (the highest). The wildcard */* is given a low preference of 0.01, so other types will only be returned if no variant matches an explicitly listed type.  If the Accept: header contains no q factors at all, httpd sets the q value of "*/*", if present, to 0.01 to emulate the desired behavior. It also sets the q value of wildcards of the format "type/*" to 0.02 (so these are preferred over matches against "*/*". If any media type on the Accept: header contains a q factor, these special values are not applied, so requests from browsers which send the explicit information to start with work as expected.  Language Negotiation Exceptions  New in httpd 2.0, some exceptions have been added to the negotiation algorithm to allow graceful fallback when language negotiation fails to find a match.  When a client requests a page on your server, but the server cannot find a single page that matches the Accept-language sent by the browser, the server will return either a "No Acceptable Variant" or "Multiple Choices" response to the client. To avoid these error messages, it is possible to configure httpd to ignore the Accept-language in these cases and provide a document that does not explicitly match the client's request. The ForceLanguagePriority directive can be used to override one or both of these error messages and substitute the servers judgement in the form of the LanguagePriority directive.  The server will also attempt to match language-subsets when no other match can be found. For example, if a client requests documents with the language en-GB for British English, the server is not normally allowed by the HTTP/1.1 standard to match that against a document that is marked as simply en. (Note that it is almost surely a configuration error to include en-GB and not en in the Accept-Language header, since it is very unlikely that a reader understands British English, but doesn't understand English in general. Unfortunately, many current clients have default configurations that resemble this.) However, if no other language match is possible and the server is about to return a "No Acceptable Variants" error or fallback to the LanguagePriority, the server will ignore the subset specification and match en-GB against en documents. Implicitly, httpd will add the parent language to the client's acceptable language list with a very low quality value. But note that if the client requests "en-GB; q=0.9, fr; q=0.8", and the server has documents designated "en" and "fr", then the "fr" document will be returned. This is necessary to maintain compliance with the HTTP/1.1 specification and to work effectively with properly configured clients.  In order to support advanced techniques (such as cookies or special URL-paths) to determine the user's preferred language, since httpd 2.0.47 mod_negotiation recognizes the environment variable prefer-language. If it exists and contains an appropriate language tag, mod_negotiation will try to select a matching variant. If there's no such variant, the normal negotiation process applies.  Example  SetEnvIf Cookie "language=(.+)" prefer-language=$1 Header append Vary cookie top  Extensions to Transparent Content Negotiation  httpd extends the transparent content negotiation protocol (RFC 2295) as follows. A new {encoding ..} element is used in variant lists to label variants which are available with a specific content-encoding only. The implementation of the RVSA/1.0 algorithm (RFC 2296) is extended to recognize encoded variants in the list, and to use them as candidate variants whenever their encodings are acceptable according to the Accept-Encoding request header. The RVSA/1.0 implementation does not round computed quality factors to 5 decimal places before choosing the best variant.  top  Note on hyperlinks and naming conventions  If you are using language negotiation you can choose between different naming conventions, because files can have more than one extension, and the order of the extensions is normally irrelevant (see the mod_mime documentation for details).  A typical file has a MIME-type extension (e.g., html), maybe an encoding extension (e.g., gz), and of course a language extension (e.g., en) when we have different language variants of this file.  Examples:    • foo.en.html   • foo.html.en   • foo.en.html.gz  Here some more examples of filenames together with valid and invalid hyperlinks:  Filename Valid hyperlink Invalid hyperlink foo.html.en foo foo.html		 - foo.en.html foo foo.html foo.html.en.gz foo foo.html		 foo.gz foo.html.gz foo.en.html.gz foo foo.html foo.html.gz foo.gz foo.gz.html.en foo foo.gz foo.gz.html		 foo.html foo.html.gz.en foo foo.html foo.html.gz		 foo.gz  Looking at the table above, you will notice that it is always possible to use the name without any extensions in a hyperlink (e.g., foo). The advantage is that you can hide the actual type of a document rsp. file and can change it later, e.g., from html to shtml or cgi without changing any hyperlink references.  If you want to continue to use a MIME-type in your hyperlinks (e.g. foo.html) the language extension (including an encoding extension if there is one) must be on the right hand side of the MIME-type extension (e.g., foo.html.en).  top  Note on Caching  When a cache stores a representation, it associates it with the request URL. The next time that URL is requested, the cache can use the stored representation. But, if the resource is negotiable at the server, this might result in only the first requested variant being cached and subsequent cache hits might return the wrong response. To prevent this, httpd normally marks all responses that are returned after content negotiation as non-cacheable by HTTP/1.0 clients. httpd also supports the HTTP/1.1 protocol features to allow caching of negotiated responses.  For requests which come from a HTTP/1.0 compliant client (either a browser or a cache), the directive CacheNegotiatedDocs can be used to allow caching of responses which were subject to negotiation. This directive can be given in the server config or virtual host, and takes no arguments. It has no effect on requests from HTTP/1.1 clients.  For HTTP/1.1 clients, httpd sends a Vary HTTP response header to indicate the negotiation dimensions for the response. Caches can use this information to determine whether a subsequent request can be served from the local copy. To encourage a cache to use the local copy regardless of the negotiation dimensions, set the force-no-vary environment variable.  Available Languages:  en  |  fr  |  ja  |  ko  |  tr   top  Comments  Notice: This is not a Q&A section. Comments placed here should be pointed towards suggestions on improving the documentation or server, and may be removed by our moderators if they are either implemented or considered invalid/off-topic. Questions on how to manage the Apache HTTP Server should be directed at either our IRC channel, #httpd, on Libera.chat, or sent to our mailing lists.  Copyright 2021 The Apache Software Foundation. Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0.  Modules | Directives | FAQ | Glossary | Sitemap
__label__cc Steam gift card Skip to navigationSkip to content Cheap Codes logo - games for Steam, Origin and Battle.net   • Buy CD-keys     • All CD keys     • Origin cd keys     • Steam cd keys     • Buy - other     • Gift card for Steam   • News   • Contact   • en_USEnglish     • da_DKDansk     • de_DEDeutsch     • sv_SESvenska     • nb_NONorsk bokmål     • es_ESEspañol     • arالعربية     • ja日本語   • Buy CD-keys     • All CD keys     • Origin cd keys     • Steam cd keys     • Buy - other     • Gift card for Steam   • News   • Contact   • en_USEnglish     • da_DKDansk     • de_DEDeutsch     • sv_SESvenska     • nb_NONorsk bokmål     • es_ESEspañol     • arالعربية     • ja日本語   • DKK0.000 items Home / Cd key / Ak 47 Point Disarray Minimal Wear ak-47-point-disarray-minimal-wear-jpg  Ak 47 Point Disarray Minimal Wear  Buy a CD key for Ak 47 Point Disarray Minimal Wear  Category: Cd keyTag: CD key   • Description   • Reviews (0)  Description  Experience the power and reliability of the AK-47, one of the world's most popular assault rifles. This weapon is known for its deadly and accurate shots in short, controlled volleys. With its geometric hydrographic paint, it stands out on any battlefield. Up close it's a chaos of strength and fear, but from a distance it's pure beauty. Take control of the battlefield as Franz Kriegeld, Phoenix Tactician, and turn your enemies to dust. Ak 47 Point Disarray Minimal Wear is your key to victory. At Billige Koder you can buy this CD-key online at a fantastic price. Get ready for battle and conquer the world with this iconic weapon.  Reviews  There are no reviews yet.  Be the first to review “Ak 47 Point Disarray Minimal Wear” Cancel reply  You must be logged in to post a review.  Related products    • Age of Empires IV (4) Front-Cover_Games for Windows      Age of Empires 1, 2, 3 - CD Keys      See price   • Buy Fortnite Deluxe Edition cd key cheap here      Fortnite Deluxe Edition - CD Key      Buy via G2A   • far-cry-5-cd-key-for-uplay      Far Cry 5 Uplay CD Key      See price ak-47-phantom-disruptor-field-tested-jpgAk 47 Phantom Disruptor Field Testedak-47-redline-field-tested-by-bitskinscom-jpgAk 47 Redline Field Tested By Bitskinscom Language / Language   en_US English  en_US English  da_DK Dansk   nb_NO Norsk bokmål   sv_SE Svenska   de_DE Deutsch   es_ES Español   ar العربية   ja 日本語  Recent Posts   • Magic Box/Stick – Fremtidens Android TV-boks   • DJ til Bryllup – Skab Uforglemmelige Stunder   • Deluxe 5070 RTX PC: Fremtidssikret ydelse til gaming og kreativt arbejde Information   • Cookie and Privacy Policy   • Cooperation partners   • About   • Contact © Billige-Koder.dk 2026 Cookie and Privacy PolicyBuilt with WooCommerce.   • My Account   • Search   • Cart 0 ak-47-point-disarray-minimal-wear-jpg You're viewing: Ak 47 Point Disarray Minimal Wear Cheapest at G2A 0  Din varekurv
__label__cc Bangor University Skip to main content Skip to section menu Contacts Maps My Bangor  British Jewish Contemporary Cultures  Bangor University    • British Jewish Contemporary Cultures     • Home     • About us     • Conference, 26 - 27 March 2018       • About the Conference       • Programme       • Accommodation       • Contact us     • Events       • Past Events     • Mission     • The Network     • Published Work     • Partners     • Contact Us  Contact Us  For General queries and proposals:  Jen Griffiths Research Support Assistant Email: j.c.griffiths@bangor.ac.uk  Contacts  Maps and Travel  My Bangor for Staff and Students  Legal Compliance (Modern Slavery Act 2015 Statement)  Privacy and Cookies  British Jewish Contemporary Cultures Bangor University, Bangor, Gwynedd, LL57 2DG  Phone: 01248 38  Email: cah@bangor.ac.uk  Bangor University is a Registered Charity: No. 1141565
__label__cc b1gbaseball.com    • Latest   • Popular   • Trending Leaks   • Home   • CAMS online   • Adult Dating   • Gay Dating   • Sex Games   • Casual Dating Menu  b1gbaseball.com  Search   • Latest   • Popular Leaks   • Trending Leaks  You are here:    1. Home   2. Mucize uğur böceği ile kara kedi porn  Mucize uğur böceği ile kara kedi porn  Share Tweet Reddit Whatsapp Telegram Mail Skype Ladybug X Cat noir By xHamster marionette ( miraculous ladybug) funny cocks & best free porn: r34, futanari, shemale, hentai, femdom and fandom porn By porn Mucize uğur böceği sex - gadar.sk By gadar.sk Mucize Uğur Böceği Ile Kara Kedi Porno Porn Videos: XXX 2025, 10 | xHamster By Porn Fapwall rule 34 hentai oyunu mucizevi uğur böceği 3 çük 1 delik By xHamster Mucize Uğur Böceği Ile Kara Kedi Sex Porn Videos: Best XXX 2025, 2 | xHamster By xHamster Bayan Mucize Octavia Red ile cinsel güç boşaltma By xHamster ladybug and blackcat funny cocks & best free porn: r34, futanari, shemale, hentai, femdom and fandom porn By porn Kedi: Tits Tits Porn By xHamster 2025 yılında xHamsterda mucize uğur böceği ile kara kedi sex ücretsiz porno videoları. her gün yeni videolar!, 4 | xHamster By xHamster Mucize ugur bocegi ile kara kedi funny cocks & best free porn: r34, futanari, shemale, hentai, femdom and fandom porn By porn Futanari lara croft x uğur böceği (sesli animasyon) By xHamster Mucize Uğur Böceği Ile Kara Kedi Porno Porn Videos: XXX 2025, 10 | xHamster By xHamster Mucize: Uğur Böceği ile Kara Kedi funny cocks & best free porn: r34, futanari, shemale, hentai, femdom and fandom porn By porn Miraculous - Marinette eats Chloes pussy untill she quirts - XNXX.COM By XNXX Evli Suriyeli Kadin Turk Erkegi Ile Sikisiyor Turk Porno: Amateur Amateur Porn By xHamster Mucize uğur böceği ile kara kedi sex วิดีโอสำหรับผู้ใหญ่: ดีที่สุด XXX 2025, 2 | xHamster By หนังโป๊ - xHamster Miraculus Hentai - Lady Bug hard sex - XNXX.COM By XNXX Mucize Uğur Böceği ile Kara Kedi By Antrakt Sinema Il Mio Cleightister Guardando Il Porno Quando Torno a Casa: Big Ass Big Ass Porn By xHamster  mucize uğurmucize böceğimucize ilemucize karamucize kedimucize pornmucize Mucizemucize Uğurmucize Böceğimucize Ilemucize Karamucize Kedimucize Pornomucize Pornmucize Videos:mucize XXXmucize 2025,mucize 10  You May Also Like    • Ladybug X Cat noir      Trending Hot      in Twitch      Mucize Uğur Böceği Ile Kara Kedi Sex    • markydaysaid uğurböceği karşı bu Couger İspanyolca at çizgi roman porno      Hot      in Twitch      Mucize Uğur Böceği Sex    • Kara Becomes Human      Trending Hot      in Twitch      Uğur Böceği Ile Kara Kedi Porn  More From: Porn    • Seolhwa seolhwa939 김설화 Гола изтичане OnlyFans снимка 30 - Nudogram v2.1      Trends Hot      in Porn      Kim Seol Hwa Nude    • Big boobs Anu Prabhakar shacking nude cock handjob fake - Heroine-XXX.com     in Porn      Anu Prabhakarxxx    • Gemma Lou Office Downblouse - Prime Curves     in Porn      Downblouse Gifs    • Titta på Magicbomb – Vr, Xnxx, Magic Porn - SpankBang      Trends Hot      in Porn      Magic Bomb Pmv  Study Break porn comic - the best cartoon porn comics, Rule 34 | MULT34  Dragon Ball Z Gay Porn Comics Zoe vs Zsolt: Hungarian Brunette Brunette Porn by KO Entertainments  Zoe Mixed Wrestling  Trending Now    • innovators Nana r34 голые девки, члены, голые девки с членами, дрочево, гуро, извратское порно и прочая половая ёбля - смотреть бесплатно!      Trending Hot      in Twitch      Nana R34    • Hadise Nude Fake 3some XXX sex photos – ActressX.com      Trending Hot      in Porn      Hadise Ifşa Pornosu    • Mucize uğur böceği sex - gadar.sk     in Youtube      Mucize Uğur Böceği Ile Kara Kedi Porn    • The Amazing Gumball Christmas - ChoChoX - KingComiX.com      Hot      in Youtube      The Amazing World Of Gumball Porn Comics    • Ayten ABLA (94 photos) - porn ddeva      Trending Hot      in Youtube      Ayten Abla Pornolari    • Daisy Bae Ngentot - XXXBP      Trending Hot      in Snap      Daisy_bae    • Feeling sick? Lyla Luv has the cure!! watch me squirt;p Lyla Luv      Trending Hot      in Snap      Lyla.lush Porn    • Busty brunette Vicki Peach wants you to cum over her vintage nylon feet     in Twitch      Victoria Peach Porn Videos    • Stella Andrews - Free nude pics, galleries & more at Babepedia     in Snap      Stella Andrews Sex    • I Fucked My Turkish Hijab-wearing Fiancé for the First Time who Said it Couldnt Happen Without Getting Married     in Youtube      Porno Altyazili    • Upminaa Porn Videos for Free - Camsoda     in Twitch      Upminaa    • Laura Bernal Porn Videos: XXX 2025, 2 | xHamster      Hot      in Youtube      Laura Bernal Xxx    • Svetlana Rusakova Never Enough Porn Videos: XXX 2025, 4 | xHamster     in Twitch      Svetlana Rusakova    • Boruto Erotic Adventure 2 - Free Hentai Pic     in Snap      Boruto Erotic Adventure 2    • Ask Abi Grace if She Wants More Hair Pulling and Face Fuckin: Blonde Blonde Porn     in Youtube      Hamdi Abi  © 2026 b1gbaseball.com    • Home   • Contact us   • DMCA   • 18 USC 2257   • 🔴 REPORT ILLEGAL CONTENT Back to Top Close   • Home   • Cams Online   • Adult Dating   • Gay Dating   • Sex Games   • Casual dating   • Latest   • Popular Leaks   • Trending   • Home   • Contact us   • DMCA   • 18 USC 2257   • 🔴 REPORT ILLEGAL CONTENT   • [Valid RSS]  LogoWP
__label__cc Dave Black Online  Random reflections of an incurable infracaninophile  Pages    • Home   • About Me   • Why I Blog   • My Books   • NT Greek Portal   • Old Website   • Essays   • Archives  Sunday, February 25, 2024  Building Muscle As We Age  Good evening! I hope everyone is doing well. Just had a great time at the gym. Nothing much to report except that I'm feeling pretty good about my upper body strength. I mean, rock scrambling still intimidates me, and the Alps can be pretty unforgiving, but it is what it is and I can't overcome my genetics so I do what I can do and leave the rest with the Lord.    I may be wrong, but I think I've got my arms dialed in.    This means I'll concentrate on leg strength for the next month. Can I improve and get stronger even though I'm aging by the month? Everyone LOSES muscle as they grow older. The loss begins in your mid-30s and continues for as long as you live. This is probably one of the more challenging aspects of aging, because without muscles you can't move (or at least move very well). So our actions can make a difference.   Friend, I hope you'll choose, as long as you're able, to exert control over your personal fitness. One of my mantras is, "It's never too late to start, and it's always too early to stop." So use exercise to enhance your life. We may not be able to climb that Alp, but we are the better for trying. If we sit on the sideline, we can only wither away.  Thanks for stopping by!  Posted by Dave Black at 6:11 PM Email ThisBlogThis!Share to XShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest Newer Post Older Post Home  Search This Blog  Why I Run  Why I Run  Popular Posts    • How Should We Translate Pros in John 1:1?   • The Best Classrooms   • The Reverse Grip Pull Down with Palms Up   • "By Prayer" Or "By Prayer and Fasting" (Mark 9:29)?   • The Waiter Curl   • "Unlearned and Ignorant" (Acts 4:13)   • The Greek Words for Prayer   • Hawaiian Pidgin for Beginners   • A Visit to Liberty University   • A Man Called Bezalel (Exod. 31:1-3)  Blog Archive    • ►  2026 (199)     • ►  March (18)     • ►  February (91)     • ►  January (90)   • ►  2025 (905)     • ►  December (83)     • ►  November (71)     • ►  October (65)     • ►  September (80)     • ►  August (67)     • ►  July (77)     • ►  June (70)     • ►  May (62)     • ►  April (71)     • ►  March (74)     • ►  February (82)     • ►  January (103)   • ▼  2024 (987)     • ►  December (99)     • ►  November (59)     • ►  October (80)     • ►  September (96)     • ►  August (68)     • ►  July (81)     • ►  June (71)     • ►  May (69)     • ►  April (80)     • ►  March (85)     • ▼  February (92)       • Good Or Bad?       • Keep the Fire Roaring       • Feed My Sheep       • The Bar Assisted Pull Up       • Upper Body Workout Routine       • Indirect Benefits of Studying Greek       • Honesty Online       • Calf Raises       • Describing Your "Ministers"       • Maxing Out       • "Show Us Your Face!" (Augustine)       • The Ministry of the Saints (Eph. 4:11-12)       • Why I Still Test       • Mark 10:43       • Bolder Boulder -- I'm Registered!       • The Gift of Giving       • Moving from Tradition to Biblical Patterns       • A Lovely German City       • Asking the Text Questions       • Building Muscle As We Age       • How We Grow       • The Bible Can Be Trusted!       • Weekend Conference: Can We Trust the Bible?       • Word Study Principles       • Your First Time at the Gym       • When You Feel Like a Failure       • The Origins of the Gospels (A Bird's Eye View)       • We Love Conjunctions!       • Perfection Is SO Overrated       • Are You Consistent? Pat Yourself on the Back!       • "Errors" in Mark's Gospel?       • My Day       • Australian Pull Ups       • A Most Lovely Day       • Adjectives Are Great!       • The Holy Spirit Is a Gift!       • Surrounded by Beauty       • Where Is the Church?       • The Christocentric Church       • My Favorite Delt Exercises       • Thank You, Students!       • We Probably Should Use a Variety of Translations       • Ready Or Not?       • Jesus, the Way to God for EVERYONE       • My Morning Exercise       • Stay Vigilant!       • Do You Have a Bible Reading Plan?       • "I Could Never Learn Greek!"       • The Quest for Context       • Get Confident But Not Arrogant       • Let's Stop Marginalizing Our Youth       • Today's Walk       • Faith AND Reason       • Tip for Doing Calf Raises       • Is "Ethics" Enough?       • You Too Can Squat!       • Lambs Galore!       • Grateful for God's Help       • Now THAT Was Super       • Leg Stretches       • 3 Ways to Study Greek       • What Do You Think?       • Bored with Bible Reading?       • Baa Baa Black Sheep       • Prepositional Theology       • Working the Pecs       • Inerrancy Is Foundational       • Unshackled       • Youth Versus Age       • Good Evening!       • Took Two Years to "Finish"       • Two "Powerful" Verbs       • Happy Sun Day!!       • Holy Shoddy Is Still Shoddy       • Appreciation Need Not Lead to Adulation       • The Teacher Is Not a Dictator       • Publishing Your First Book!       • Making Time for Study       • Bringing the Microscope Back into Sermon Preparation       • Grammatical Gender       • Talk about Stoopid       • We Need Mentors       • You Grow When You Rest       • How to Master a Foreign Language? Slow and Steady!       • Can We "Enjoy" Our Studies?       • Eccentric Pull Ups       • That Must Have Hurt       • Worshiping in the Midst of Drudgery       • Embracing Change       • The Importance of Sleep       • I Will Serve Thee Because I Love Thee       • Another Step Closer     • ►  January (107)   • ►  2023 (943)     • ►  December (100)     • ►  November (74)     • ►  October (99)     • ►  September (77)     • ►  August (79)     • ►  July (67)     • ►  June (81)     • ►  May (73)     • ►  April (74)     • ►  March (78)     • ►  February (59)     • ►  January (82)   • ►  2022 (853)     • ►  December (60)     • ►  November (61)     • ►  October (101)     • ►  September (101)     • ►  August (100)     • ►  July (62)     • ►  June (69)     • ►  May (59)     • ►  April (51)     • ►  March (53)     • ►  February (57)     • ►  January (79)   • ►  2021 (417)     • ►  December (80)     • ►  November (65)     • ►  October (68)     • ►  September (69)     • ►  August (72)     • ►  July (63) Developed by Rodolfo Giantaglia. Theme images by Jason Morrow. Powered by Blogger.
__label__cc tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-688287520441862833.comments2020-11-17T15:30:28.055+01:00EI Sol de PortocarreroAnonymoushttp://www.blogger.com/profile/14547709734539874653noreply@blogger.comBlogger0125
__label__cc Das Outlook & Sync Blog  Outloook-Tools und File & Outlook Synchronsierung  Archive for February, 2014  Outlook synchronisieren 6.02  Thursday, February 20th, 2014  Outlook synchronisierenDie neue Version 6.02 unseres Outlook-Synchronisierungs-Tools Easy2Sync fÃ¼r Outlook ist da. Das Update verbessert die NetzwerkstabilitÃ¤t und behebt einen Bug beim Kopieren von Terminen zu Exchange-Servern.  Mehr Infos zum Programm gibt es auf der Outlook Sync Seite.  Posted in Neues Release, Outlook, Synchronisieren | Comments Off on Outlook synchronisieren 6.02  XCOPY + SFTP + MTP = Easy2Sync fÃ¼r Dateien 6.02  Wednesday, February 12th, 2014  box20_d_e2s4f_whiteDie neue Version 6.02 unserer File-Sync Software Easy2Sync fÃ¼r Dateien ist da. Das Update bringt jetzt einen Kommandozeilenmodus mit dem Ã¤hnlich wie mit XCOPY arbeiten kann und dabei auch MTP, SFTP/FTP/FTPS Ordner kopieren kann. AuÃŸerdem werden einige FTP-Probleme behoben.  Mehr Infos zum Programm gibt es auf der Datei Sync-Seite  Posted in Dateien, Neues Release, Synchronisieren | Comments Off on XCOPY + SFTP + MTP = Easy2Sync fÃ¼r Dateien 6.02  Outlook Duplikate lÃ¶schen 4.05  Saturday, February 1st, 2014  Outlook DuplikateDie neue Version 4.05 von unserem Outlook-Duplikate-LÃ¶scher, 1-Klick Duplikate LÃ¶schen fÃ¼r Outlook, ist online. Das Update reduziert den Speicherplatzbedarf und verbessert die Duplikatsuche fÃ¼r Notizen und Posts.  Mehr Infos zum Programm gibt es auf der Outlook-Duplikate Webseite.  Posted in Duplikate, Neues Release, Outlook | Comments Off on Outlook Duplikate lÃ¶schen 4.05    • Blogroll      • Dateien synchronisieren     • Kontakt / Impressum     • Outlook synchronisieren     • Textbausteine in Outlook    • Kategorien      • Add-In     • Autokorrektur     • Beta     • Company Logo Designer     • Dateien     • Duplikate     • Gmail     • Gratis     • Helpdesk     • Ins Tray Minimieren     • Microsoft Office     • Neues Release     • News     • Outlook     • plentyMarkets     • Preview     • ReplyButler     • Synchronisieren     • Trick     • Uncategorized    • Archiv      • August 2024     • July 2024     • December 2023     • November 2023     • October 2023     • August 2023     • June 2023     • March 2023     • June 2022     • April 2022     • March 2022     • January 2022     • August 2021     • July 2021     • February 2021     • October 2020     • September 2020     • July 2020     • June 2020     • May 2020     • April 2020     • March 2020     • February 2020     • January 2020     • September 2019     • May 2019     • March 2019     • January 2019     • December 2018     • November 2018     • October 2018     • August 2018     • July 2018     • May 2018     • March 2018     • January 2018     • November 2017     • October 2017     • September 2017     • August 2017     • July 2017     • April 2017     • February 2017     • January 2017     • November 2016     • October 2016     • September 2016     • August 2016     • June 2016     • May 2016     • March 2016     • February 2016     • January 2016     • December 2015     • November 2015     • October 2015     • September 2015     • August 2015     • June 2015     • May 2015     • April 2015     • March 2015     • February 2015     • January 2015     • December 2014     • November 2014     • October 2014     • September 2014     • August 2014     • July 2014     • June 2014     • May 2014     • March 2014     • February 2014     • January 2014     • December 2013     • November 2013     • October 2013     • September 2013     • June 2013     • May 2013     • March 2013     • February 2013     • January 2013     • December 2012     • November 2012     • October 2012     • September 2012     • August 2012     • June 2012     • May 2012     • April 2012     • March 2012     • February 2012     • January 2012     • December 2011     • October 2011     • September 2011     • August 2011     • July 2011     • June 2011     • May 2011     • April 2011     • March 2011     • February 2011     • January 2011     • December 2010     • November 2010     • October 2010     • September 2010     • August 2010     • July 2010     • June 2010     • May 2010     • April 2010     • March 2010     • January 2010     • December 2009     • November 2009     • October 2009     • September 2009     • August 2009     • July 2009     • June 2009     • May 2009     • April 2009     • March 2009     • February 2009    • Mein Blog hat eine Buche geplanzt.  Das Outlook & Sync Blog is proudly powered by WordPress and the sync outlook software. Entries (RSS) and Comments (RSS).
__label__cc marxy's musing on technology  A bloke with too many hobbies.  Tuesday, August 04, 2020  Graph of SNR now in WSPR Watch app  I've just updated the iOS and macOS app WSPR Watch to include a new graph of signal to noise ratios. So far I'm not seeing any useful information on this graph at my location. It's been suggested that to be valuable it would need to work with the callsign search feature so you can plot SNR over time between just two stations.  This version, 3.11.1, also fixes a surprising (to me) bug that affected users in the UK. As dates and times are in UTC and so is the UK for some reason my date parsing was failing for those users. I'm astonished that I hadn't heard about this before now.  My thanks to Paul, G0DIH, for the bug report and for working with me to test builds until the issue was sorted out.  Here's how the SNR, and other, graphs look now.   iOS version here, macOS version here. It's a free app. Posted by Peter Marks at 9:07 AM Email ThisBlogThis!Share to XShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest  3 comments:  Unknown said...  IOS app times out accessing WSPRnet.org sine 8/5/2020.  Verne  1:31 AM Unknown said...  Additional info not working on Version 3.11.1(32) Timed Out for Spots for the Transmit Call using Server - WSPRnet.org Works if Server set to TimebaseDB  Also reports 0W for transmit call  Checked calls: W6TOM, KE6ZIQ, KK6PR  Using iPadOS 13.6 also IOS 12.4.8 Have not checked MacOS  Verne W6LPM  3:50 AM Peter Marks said...  Thanks Verne,  Yes, WSPRnet seems very slow or perhaps down at the moment. The app gives up after 30 seconds.  73  Peter  8:18 AM  Post a Comment  Newer Post Older Post Home Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom)  Peter B Marks  Peter B Marks photo by Roi Huberman  Blog Archive    • ►  2026 (31)     • ►  March (1)     • ►  February (12)     • ►  January (18)   • ►  2025 (135)     • ►  December (12)     • ►  November (18)     • ►  October (16)     • ►  September (17)     • ►  August (11)     • ►  July (8)     • ►  June (7)     • ►  May (8)     • ►  April (7)     • ►  March (11)     • ►  February (9)     • ►  January (11)   • ►  2024 (89)     • ►  December (8)     • ►  November (10)     • ►  October (8)     • ►  September (8)     • ►  August (6)     • ►  July (6)     • ►  June (12)     • ►  May (9)     • ►  April (4)     • ►  March (3)     • ►  February (6)     • ►  January (9)   • ►  2023 (54)     • ►  December (6)     • ►  November (4)     • ►  October (2)     • ►  September (7)     • ►  August (4)     • ►  July (2)     • ►  June (1)     • ►  May (2)     • ►  April (3)     • ►  March (5)     • ►  February (9)     • ►  January (9)   • ►  2022 (62)     • ►  December (5)     • ►  November (12)     • ►  October (7)     • ►  September (8)     • ►  August (3)     • ►  July (4)     • ►  June (4)     • ►  May (4)     • ►  April (5)     • ►  March (3)     • ►  February (4)     • ►  January (3)   • ►  2021 (64)     • ►  December (5)     • ►  November (3)     • ►  October (4)     • ►  September (6)     • ►  August (3)     • ►  July (5)     • ►  June (3)     • ►  May (7)     • ►  April (4)     • ►  March (6)     • ►  February (8)     • ►  January (10)   • ▼  2020 (64)     • ►  December (5)     • ►  November (6)     • ►  October (8)     • ►  September (2)     • ▼  August (10)       • Local interference pattern emerging       • WSPR Watch update       • A Telstra or NBN internet slowdown incident.       • Unreliable Wifi on a 2018 Mac mini - a workaround       • Appeared on ABC RN's Download This Show       • Experimented with EasyPal (modern SSTV)       • Why ECG isn't enabled on the Apple Watch in Australia       • Logging noise floor with hamlib       • Graph of SNR now in WSPR Watch app       • HF horizontal loop antenna in a small back yard     • ►  July (8)     • ►  June (6)     • ►  May (5)     • ►  April (2)     • ►  March (10)     • ►  February (1)     • ►  January (1)   • ►  2019 (69)     • ►  December (6)     • ►  November (5)     • ►  October (6)     • ►  September (3)     • ►  August (6)     • ►  July (5)     • ►  June (8)     • ►  May (5)     • ►  April (7)     • ►  March (6)     • ►  February (4)     • ►  January (8)   • ►  2018 (86)     • ►  December (7)     • ►  November (5)     • ►  October (5)     • ►  September (2)     • ►  August (6)     • ►  July (10)     • ►  June (4)     • ►  May (6)     • ►  April (8)     • ►  March (10)     • ►  February (12)     • ►  January (11)   • ►  2017 (58)     • ►  December (6)     • ►  November (8)     • ►  October (5)     • ►  September (5)     • ►  August (4)     • ►  July (4)     • ►  June (4)     • ►  May (2)     • ►  April (6)     • ►  March (6)     • ►  February (5)     • ►  January (3)   • ►  2016 (34)     • ►  December (3)     • ►  November (2)     • ►  October (2)     • ►  September (5)     • ►  August (2)     • ►  June (2)     • ►  May (2)     • ►  April (1)     • ►  March (6)     • ►  February (4)     • ►  January (5)   • ►  2015 (32)     • ►  December (6)     • ►  November (1)     • ►  October (3)     • ►  September (4)     • ►  August (1)     • ►  July (2)     • ►  June (1)     • ►  May (5)     • ►  April (1)     • ►  February (5)     • ►  January (3)   • ►  2014 (43)     • ►  December (4)     • ►  November (3)     • ►  October (1)     • ►  September (1)     • ►  August (1)     • ►  July (3)     • ►  June (6)     • ►  May (4)     • ►  April (8)     • ►  March (7)     • ►  February (3)     • ►  January (2)   • ►  2013 (62)     • ►  December (3)     • ►  November (1)     • ►  October (2)     • ►  September (8)     • ►  August (3)     • ►  July (9)     • ►  June (8)     • ►  May (8)     • ►  April (3)     • ►  March (10)     • ►  February (2)     • ►  January (5)   • ►  2012 (94)     • ►  December (6)     • ►  November (8)     • ►  October (4)     • ►  September (6)     • ►  August (6)     • ►  July (7)     • ►  June (4)     • ►  May (14)     • ►  April (4)     • ►  March (14)     • ►  February (13)     • ►  January (8)   • ►  2011 (80)     • ►  December (6)     • ►  November (7)     • ►  October (4)     • ►  September (6)     • ►  August (10)     • ►  July (7)     • ►  June (4)     • ►  May (3)     • ►  April (12)     • ►  March (6)     • ►  February (3)     • ►  January (12)   • ►  2010 (94)     • ►  December (8)     • ►  November (13)     • ►  October (9)     • ►  September (5)     • ►  August (5)     • ►  July (8)     • ►  June (5)     • ►  May (8)     • ►  April (9)     • ►  March (6)     • ►  February (8)     • ►  January (10)   • ►  2009 (133)     • ►  December (10)     • ►  November (11)     • ►  October (10)     • ►  September (5)     • ►  August (7)     • ►  July (15)     • ►  June (14)     • ►  May (15)     • ►  April (13)     • ►  March (8)     • ►  February (8)     • ►  January (17)   • ►  2008 (170)     • ►  December (19)     • ►  November (20)     • ►  October (14)     • ►  September (14)     • ►  August (17)     • ►  July (13)     • ►  June (9)     • ►  May (10)     • ►  April (14)     • ►  March (13)     • ►  February (14)     • ►  January (13)   • ►  2007 (99)     • ►  December (14)     • ►  November (14)     • ►  October (7)     • ►  September (2)     • ►  August (5)     • ►  July (6)     • ►  June (11)     • ►  May (11)     • ►  April (8)     • ►  March (10)     • ►  February (7)     • ►  January (4)   • ►  2006 (14)     • ►  December (2)     • ►  November (3)     • ►  October (9)  Mastodon  Mastodon  The Shack  Links    • Access Informatics   • WSPR Watch Support   • Alan vk2zay home brew++   • Peter Parker VK3YE   • pa2ohh qrp home brew   • NSW Home Brew   • American QRP Club   • soldersmoke   • wa7jhz   • WA60TP   • G4ILO   • Rambling Rows   • VK3ZZC archive  With Fran Kelly on RN Breakfast  With Marc Fennell & Claire Reilly  With Paul Barry  Visitors Simple theme. Powered by Blogger.
__label__cc The Makeup Box  A Singaporean beauty fanatic's makeup, skincare and fragrance adventures!  Monday, February 16, 2015  MAC Toledo Makeup Look: Moodyblu Palette and Oxblood Matte Lipstick (plus Toledo swatches part 2!)   MAC x Toledo is one of the most colorful collections of the season, with lots of intense blues, violets, lime greens, violets and rich deep reds. So it was a bit of a challenge for me when I decided I wanted to create a softer, more wearable everyday look with some of the items in the collection. It's quite wearable and neutral for the most part, but I chose to keep a pop of very intense blue around the outer corners of the eyes for a bit of interest, and to define and draw attention to them. (There wouldn't be a point in doing a look with the Toledo collection if it was going to look like any other neutral collection!) The star of the show here is really the sparkly metallic blue eye pencil, Petrol Blue. I highly recommend you check it out if you like colored eyeliners and want buttery smooth texture and intense payoff. The lasting power is pretty darned good as well, but of course, I had to intensify it and lock it down by dabbing a matching blue shadow (Deep Truth) over it.         And Oxblood matte lipstick? It's a fab, FAB kittenish peachy-beige. Not quite nude, but very pretty if you want something muted with a bit of color.   The surprise of the look for me was Azalea Blossom, the pink-purple blush ombre. I'd expected a very cool-toned shade but over my skin, the blend of pink and purple went on quite a bit warmer. If you're looking for a sweet pink flush, this is great. If you were expecting a very purple hue, you might not get it if you have a yellow undertone, or you're wearing a bronzer beneath. MAC Azalea Blossom goes on surprisingly neutral on top of bronzer   Speaking of blush, I do owe you all the swatches for Ripe Peach Blush Ombre from the Toledo Collection, which was missing from the first delivery. Here it is.    I was also missing Victoriana matte lipstick in the swatches, so here it is swatched beside 2 other true reds. Tenor Voice is the true red in the Toledo collection, and Victoriana is a cherry red with slight pink undertones.     Here, the 2 shades are swatched beside Carmine Red from the MAC Prabal Gurung collection, which is another vivid red. On first look they all look identical, but the difference is in how they sit against the skin.   Tenor Voice casts neither a blue nor an orange border against the skin, while Carmine leaves a blue border. Victoriana has a rosy hue. This is how you check undertones of reds. And when picking one, look not at the color itself but how it makes the surrounding skin look. The best red for you, is one which brightens your skin and makes it look more glowing and even.     Posted by CandiceC at 12:28 AM Email ThisBlogThis!Share to XShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest Labels: azalea blossom blush, blush ombre, mac, matte lipstick, moodyblu palette, nude lips, oxblood lipstick, red lipstick, tenor voice lipstick, toledo collection, tutorial, victoriana lipstick  2 comments:    1. UnknownOctober 20, 2015 at 9:57 AM      Thank you for your information, your blog is so informative and intresting.     Noida packers and movers     Delhi packers and movers     Gurgaon packers and movers     Faridabad packers and movers     Packers and movers Indirapuram Ghaziabad     Delhi movers and packers      ReplyDelete     Replies       Reply   2. QQQQQQQQQJuly 10, 2018 at 1:53 PM      nike hyperdunk     ultra boost     yeezy boost 350     goyard bags     nike outlet     nike air force 1     nike sneakers     bape hoodie     nmd     jordan shoes      ReplyDelete     Replies       Reply Add comment Load more...  Hi there! Leave a comment (and be nice)!  Newer Post Older Post Home Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom)  Makeup Box on Youtube  Find me on Instagram!  Dayre Fun  Casual day-to-day (sometimes non beauty-related) updates!  Blog Archive    • ►  2021 (1)     • ►  March (1)   • ►  2020 (9)     • ►  September (1)     • ►  August (1)     • ►  July (7)   • ►  2019 (1)     • ►  January (1)   • ►  2018 (19)     • ►  October (1)     • ►  September (5)     • ►  August (1)     • ►  July (2)     • ►  May (1)     • ►  April (1)     • ►  March (2)     • ►  January (6)   • ►  2017 (21)     • ►  December (2)     • ►  October (3)     • ►  September (3)     • ►  August (4)     • ►  July (1)     • ►  April (1)     • ►  March (1)     • ►  February (1)     • ►  January (5)   • ►  2016 (62)     • ►  September (5)     • ►  August (10)     • ►  July (4)     • ►  June (4)     • ►  May (5)     • ►  April (5)     • ►  March (10)     • ►  February (12)     • ►  January (7)   • ▼  2015 (138)     • ►  December (3)     • ►  November (3)     • ►  October (7)     • ►  September (7)     • ►  August (12)     • ►  July (11)     • ►  June (17)     • ►  May (11)     • ►  April (13)     • ►  March (19)     • ▼  February (21)       • MAC Cinderella Makeup Look: A Sultry Twist       • Dior 2015 Diorsnow Collection: A few picks!       • Sloane Inc S8.8 Aqualicious and S9.8 Skin Superfood       • Benefit Cosmetics Roller Lash       • Full Coverage Camouflage Foundations: A Quick Over...       • Perfect Matte Brown Cream-to-Powder Shadow: An Odd...       • Surprise Chinese Takeout Haul from NARS for the Ch...       • MAC Toledo Makeup Look: Moodyblu Palette and Oxblo...       • Lolita Lempicka Le Premier Parfum       • La Prairie Cellular Swiss Ice Crystal Eye Cream       • Bobbi Brown Hot Collection Lip Color Swatches and ...       • Hello Gorgeous: Bobbi Brown Hot Nudes Eye Palette ...       • Tom Ford Spring 2015 Eye Color Duo Eye Looks       • Guerlain Météorites Light-Revealing Powder Compacts       • Tom Ford Spring 2015 Makeup Look and Swatches       • MAC Toledo Collection: Swatches Part 1 and First I...       • VDL Candy You Makeup Swatches       • Favorites: Tom Ford Eye Color Quad 01 Golden Mink       • NARS Spring 2015 Colors - Some Swatches!       • NARS All Day Luminous Weightless Foundation - Firs...       • YSL Black Opium Eau de Parfum Review     • ►  January (14)   • ►  2014 (19)     • ►  December (8)     • ►  May (2)     • ►  April (2)     • ►  March (2)     • ►  February (3)     • ►  January (2)   • ►  2013 (78)     • ►  December (5)     • ►  November (4)     • ►  October (12)     • ►  September (3)     • ►  August (4)     • ►  July (9)     • ►  June (5)     • ►  May (7)     • ►  April (7)     • ►  March (10)     • ►  February (6)     • ►  January (6)   • ►  2012 (100)     • ►  December (7)     • ►  November (5)     • ►  October (3)     • ►  September (7)     • ►  August (8)     • ►  July (9)     • ►  June (7)     • ►  May (5)     • ►  April (6)     • ►  March (15)     • ►  February (13)     • ►  January (15)   • ►  2011 (130)     • ►  December (14)     • ►  November (12)     • ►  October (12)     • ►  September (16)     • ►  August (19)     • ►  July (17)     • ►  June (1)     • ►  April (21)     • ►  March (5)     • ►  February (13)  Search This Blog  What Others Are Viewing Simple theme. Powered by Blogger.
__label__cc    Botanical Creations Gallery  Botanical Creations Home - Gallery Home          Albums   • Masonry [105]   • Landscaping [65]  170 photos                   Menu    • Tags (0)   • Search   • About   • Notification                    • Sort order     Sort order     ✔ Default     ✔ Photo title, A → Z     ✔ Photo title, Z → A     ✔ Date created, new → old     ✔ Date created, old → new     ✔ Date posted, new → old     ✔ Date posted, old → new     ✔ Visits, high → low     ✔ Visits, low → high   • Photo sizes     Photo sizes     ✔ Square     ✔ Thumbnail     ✔ XXS - tiny     ✔ XS - extra small     ✔ S - small     ✔ M - medium     ✔ L - large   • slideshow   • return to normal view mode  Home [170]    • KIMG0394 KIMG0394     38205 hits   • KIMG0393 KIMG0393     37300 hits   • KIMG0392 KIMG0392     37740 hits   • KIMG0391 KIMG0391     39041 hits   • KIMG0390 KIMG0390     39735 hits   • KIMG0389 KIMG0389     39261 hits   • KIMG0388 KIMG0388     39777 hits   • KIMG0387 KIMG0387     39541 hits   • KIMG0385 KIMG0385     39192 hits   • KIMG0384 KIMG0384     39142 hits   • KIMG0383 KIMG0383     39150 hits   • KIMG0382 KIMG0382     39967 hits   • KIMG0381 KIMG0381     39569 hits   • KIMG0380 KIMG0380     39336 hits   • KIMG0330 KIMG0330     38842 hits   • KIMG0328 KIMG0328     38730 hits   • KIMG0080 KIMG0080     39271 hits   • KIMG0074 KIMG0074     38228 hits First | Previous | 1 2 3 4 5 ... 10 | Next | Last         Powered by Piwigo
__label__cc Bristol Eating Adventures  Bristol food blog. Come read about our adventures cooking and dining and occasionally wining out in our fair city of Bristol. Restaurant reviews, recommendations plus food and drink tasting in and around Bristol.  Search This Blog  Friday, 16 March 2012  Mini Post about Boston Tea Party  Ever since one popped up in Bath, where I grew up, I have always enjoyed visiting the Boston Tea Party (BTP) cafes. There is something very friendly, welcoming and unassuming about them. Over the years they have added to their menu and it is so much more than a place to get coffee. Although I don't drink coffee, Rich does, I know two coffee addicts who pick Boston Tea Party as their preferred java dose venue of choice.  Last weekend I met up with the girls for a catch up at the BTP on Park Street and I went for my usual chai tea latte, sweet spicy warming perfection, and a slice of carrot cake. A wedge is more like how it should be described, it was enormous, Jamie went for tea and a wedge of coffee cake. Luckily Elisa was on hand to help us out but even between 3 of us it was a struggle to finish!  Carrot cake is easily in my top three cakes of all time (the others being Victoria sponge with vanilla buttercream and a spiced apple loaf) and this one was very nice indeed, moist, textured and vanilla frosting. Delicious.  So although most people already frequent these lovely cafes dotted around Bristol it is always best to go local, so consider popping in to here or anywhere local to support different places instead of the generic coffee places that spring up anywhere and everywhere. Visit Boston Tea Party's website here to get a peak at what they do. Boston Tea Party Bristol Posted by Abby and Rich at 11:33 Email ThisBlogThis!Share to XShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest Labels: Afternoon Tea Bristol, Boston Tea Party Bristol, Carrot Cake Bristol  No comments:  Post a Comment  Newer Post Older Post Home Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom)  Blog Archive    • ►  2018 (3)     • ►  February (1)     • ►  January (2)   • ►  2017 (13)     • ►  December (1)     • ►  September (3)     • ►  August (1)     • ►  June (2)     • ►  April (1)     • ►  March (3)     • ►  February (1)     • ►  January (1)   • ►  2016 (19)     • ►  November (1)     • ►  September (2)     • ►  July (1)     • ►  June (2)     • ►  May (3)     • ►  April (2)     • ►  March (2)     • ►  February (2)     • ►  January (4)   • ►  2015 (37)     • ►  December (3)     • ►  November (3)     • ►  October (2)     • ►  September (3)     • ►  August (2)     • ►  July (2)     • ►  June (2)     • ►  May (4)     • ►  April (4)     • ►  March (5)     • ►  February (4)     • ►  January (3)   • ►  2014 (44)     • ►  December (4)     • ►  November (2)     • ►  October (4)     • ►  September (4)     • ►  August (5)     • ►  July (4)     • ►  June (2)     • ►  May (4)     • ►  April (2)     • ►  March (7)     • ►  February (3)     • ►  January (3)   • ►  2013 (60)     • ►  December (2)     • ►  November (2)     • ►  October (6)     • ►  September (6)     • ►  August (4)     • ►  July (6)     • ►  June (5)     • ►  May (8)     • ►  April (6)     • ►  March (5)     • ►  February (5)     • ►  January (5)   • ▼  2012 (104)     • ►  December (5)     • ►  November (6)     • ►  October (8)     • ►  September (5)     • ►  August (9)     • ►  July (8)     • ►  June (8)     • ►  May (10)     • ►  April (10)     • ▼  March (13)       • Pulled Pork Cooked with a Heavy Head       • Spring Chicken Pesto Stew       • The Royal Inn, Portishead       • Lunching at My Burrito       • Curry at The Brunel Raj       • Mother's Day at Goldbrick House       • Mini Post about Boston Tea Party       • An Evening at Beerd       • After Work Tea at Papaji's       • Rich's Wonderful Stir Fry       • Chicken and Bacon Pie for British Pie Week       • Sunday Dim Sum at Dynasty       • Brunch at Deco Lounge     • ►  February (14)     • ►  January (8)  Popular Posts    • Spicy Lunch at Chilli Daddy     I have a confession to make. Forgive me Father for I have sinned, I have become obsessed with something to the point it consumes all my lun...   • Lunch at Toro Pan Asian     Rich gives the low down on our visit to Toro Pan Asian... Toro Pan Asian is the latest offering to occupy the space that Beijing...   • Blogger Meet Up: Atomic Burger     Rich gives the low down on our blogger meet up trip to newly opened Atomic Burger on Gloucester Road. Atomic Burger is another in the grow...  About Me  My photo Abby and Rich Inspired by how much we love food and a number of people telling me to start a blog I finally caved in and started a joint blog for us to express our love and thoughts on cooking and dining out in and around Bristol. Contact us on bristoleatingadventures@gmail.com View my complete profile  Followers  Subscribe To  Posts Atom Posts Comments Atom Comments  Food blogs    • Bristol Bites     A stylish harbourside stay at The Bristol Hotel - The Bristol Hotel has a great location and is beautifully designed... The post A stylish harbourside stay at The Bristol Hotel first appeared on Breaks a...     19 hours ago   • Bristol Foodie     Mushroom champignon sauce with cream - Ways to Use Mushroom Recipes in Your Cooking Mushrooms are a great addition to any dish, but they can also The post Mushroom champignon sauce with cream ...     3 years ago   • Can be bribed with food     "Riso Freddo" sounds better than "Cold Rice" - Italian Rice Salad - Summer in Italy for me means Riso Freddo. Cold Rice. “Cold Rice” doesn’t sound too appealing in English, does it? It sounds far more exotic when I say it o...     12 years ago   • COUNTRYWOODSMOKE     - Hi there lovely readers! I’ve just had to move my site www.countrywoodsmoke.com to a new host as I had outgrown the previous one. Sadly I have been unable ...     12 years ago   • Knife 'n' Spork     New York Street Food: Korilla BBQ - So if you read this article the other day, maybe Korilla BBQ would have caught your eye. I happened to be near where they park their truck on Mondays, and ...     14 years ago   • Matthew's Food Blog - A food Tour of Britain     The Room – The Elephant Restaurant – Torquay – Restaurant Review - I try and get down to The Elephant at least once a year as it’s the closest Michelin starred restaurant to my home (approx. 2miles), I like to go down arou...     13 years ago   • The Ethicurean     Comedy Night Featuring Stuart Goldsmith & Amy Howerska Tue 7th June - Good Tide! Get your chortling pants ready, make sure they are stretchy and shored up at the seams because on Tuesday 7th June we shall be welcoming guffaw ...     9 years ago   • wutheringbites     24 Hours in… Bradford on Avon at Timbrell’s Yard - Rob and I have always had Bradford on Avon down as one of those quaint picturesque towns in the South West we’ve been eager to explore, but just never qu...     8 years ago  My Recommended links    • Orchid English Blog Simple theme. Theme images by djeecee. Powered by Blogger.
__label__cc burningcity  artist, writer & early childhood educator  Menu    • CV   • art & writing   • Diary   • About   • Store   • Contact Back Search   • CV   • art & writing   • Diary   • About   • Store   • Contact Press Enter to Search  Category: Chinese Art  ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI, National Gallery of Victoria. Part III  March 7, 2016 Tags: Ai WeiWei Andy Warhol Chinese Art National Gallery of Victoria NGV Political Art Pop Art vienna parreno  #FilmStrip #AndyWarhol #AiWeiWei #NGV #Melbourne  20160304_200432 20160304_200453 20160304_200826 20160304_201657  ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria Melbourne Melbourne        Melbourne Melbourne  There were some wonderful totes, fridge magnets, pins, bits & pieces and I got some to re-sell in our store. So if you are looking for some special gifts check it out here.  ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI, National Gallery of Victoria. Part II  March 7, 2016 Tags: Ai WeiWei AMerican Art Andy Warhol Chinese Art NGV Political Art Pop Art vienna parreno ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria  20160304_202105 20160304_202001 20160304_201917 20160304_201908 20160304_201744 20160304_201657 20160304_201428 20160304_201110 20160304_200121 20160304_200101 20160304_200022 20160304_195914 20160304_195713 20160304_195612 20160304_195330 20160304_195058 20160304_194926 20160304_194851 20160304_194832 20160304_194800  ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria  20160304_194648  I’ve also selected a few art mech from the exhibition for our store.  ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI, National Gallery of Victoria. Part I  March 7, 2016 Tags: Ai WeiWei Andy Warhol China Contemporary Art National Gallery of Victoria NGV Political Art Pop Art vienna parreno  #Filmstrip AiWeiWei #AndyWarhol  #Photobombed #NGV  Andy Warhol & Ai Wei Wei. National Gallery of Victoria Andy Warhol & Ai Wei Wei. National Gallery of Victoria ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria  20160304_194239  ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI. National Gallery of Victoria  I’ve also selected a few art merch from the exhibition to sell in our  store.        Diary Sketches    • An/aesthetic   • Gina Williams – Perth Fringe Festival   • Nouvelle Vague at Rosemount Hotel   • Testing the Electric Driverless RAC IntelliBus   • Working Holiday   • The Cure at Perth Arena   • SOWETO GOSPEL CHOIR, Perth Concert Hall   • GEORGY GIRL – THE STORY OF THE SEEKERS & JUDITH DURHAM, Crown Theatre Perth   • Dawn Service and Gunfire Breakfast   • CHRIS ISAAK. Kings Park & Botanic Gardens   • ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI, National Gallery of Victoria. Part III   • ANDY WARHOL & AI WEIWEI, National Gallery of Victoria. Part II  Recent Comments      Tags      2014 Ai WeiWei Andy Warhol Art Australia Bohol Cebu Chinese Art Churches Contemporary Art culture David Walshe Dunsborough Elizabeth Quay Factory Theatre Freycinet Great Ocean Road krzysztof osinski Live Music Manila Margaret River MCA Melbourne MONA Museum of Contemporary Art Australia Music National Gallery of Victoria NGV October Palawan Perth peter mackenzie Philippines Political Art Pop Art Road Trip Sydney Sydney Aboriginal Community Cultural Gathering Sydney Festival Sydney Opera House Tasmania Travels vienna parreno Western Australia Yoko Ono      Archives      • February 2019     • February 2018     • January 2017     • November 2016     • September 2016     • July 2016     • April 2016     • March 2016     • February 2016     • January 2016     • November 2015     • August 2015     • July 2015     • June 2015     • May 2015     • March 2015     • February 2015     • January 2015     • December 2014     • November 2014     • September 2014     • August 2014     • June 2014     • May 2014     • April 2014     • March 2014     • February 2014     • January 2014     • April 2013     • January 2013      Categories      • 19BOS     • Art     • Australia     • Biennale     • Biennale of Sydney     • Blog     • Celebrations     • Chinese Art     • Community     • Crown Theatre     • Documentary     • Drawing     • Exhibitions     • Fashion     • Festivals     • Installation     • Live Music     • Marketing     • MCA     • Media     • Melbourne     • Museums     • Music     • Musical     • Painting     • Parties     • Perth     • Philippines     • Photography     • photorealism     • Political Art     • Pop Art     • Public Sculpture     • Radio     • Rosemount Hotel     • Snow     • Special Events     • Sports     • Suki     • Sydmey     • sydney     • Tasmania     • Travels     • Uncategorized     • Weddings     • Wilderness     • Wildlife     • Winter     • Yoko Ono      Meta      • Log in     • Entries feed     • Comments feed     • WordPress.org
__label__cc  Skip to main content Welcome, Guest   • Sign Up   • Log In   • Dashboard   • Logout   • My Account     • My Account     • Dashboard     • Profile     • Saved items     • Logout Home   • Contact Us   • Terms of Use   • Privacy Policy   • Home Delivery   • Subscription Services   • Submission Forms   • Place an Ad   • Promote Your Event   • Weather News Sports Obituaries Photos PDN E-Edition Classifieds   • Place an ad Antlers American E-Edition Archives Best of 2025 Subscribe   • Contact Us   • Subscribe   • e-Edition   • Sign Up   • Log In   • Dashboard   • Logout     • My Account     • Dashboard     • Profile     • Saved items     • Logout   • 65°      • Poteau, OK (74953)        Today        Thunderstorms in the morning, then cloudy skies late. Very warm. High 76F. Winds S at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 100%..        Tonight        Partly cloudy skies in the evening, then becoming cloudy overnight. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low 64F. Winds SSE at 5 to 10 mph.        Updated: March 5, 2026 @ 2:36 am      • Full Forecast site-logo site-logo   • Subscribe   • Home     • Contact Us     • Terms of Use     • Privacy Policy     • Home Delivery     • Subscription Services     • Submission Forms     • Place an Ad     • Promote Your Event     • Weather   • News   • Sports   • Obituaries   • Photos   • PDN E-Edition   • Classifieds     • Place an ad   • Antlers American E-Edition   • Archives   • Best of 2025 Recent Quotes View Full List My Watchlist Create Watchlist Indicators DJI Nasdaq Composite SPX Gold Crude Oil Markets Stocks ETFs Tools Markets: Overview News Currencies International Treasuries  Krispy Kreme, Inc. - Common Stock (NQ:DNUT)  3.700 +0.170 (+4.82%) Streaming Delayed Price Updated: 4:00 PM EST, Mar 4, 2026 Add to My Watchlist Quote Overview Detailed Quote Charting Historical Prices News All News News Headlines Press Releases Research Quarterly Reports Insider Filings Other Filings  Price and Volume  Detailed Quote Volume 2,213,467 Open 3.550 Bid (Size) 3.650 (1,000) Ask (Size) 3.720 (900) Prev. Close 3.530 Today's Range 3.530 - 3.760 52wk Range 2.500 - 6.315 Shares Outstanding 171,300,000 Dividend Yield 3.78% Chart for (: ) Intraday 1 Week 1 Month 3 Month 1 Year 3 Year 5 Year  Top News  More News News headline image Krispy Kreme Delivers Sweet Beat As Profit Tops Expectations, Shares Jump ↗ February 26, 2026 Krispy Kreme (NASDAQ: DNUT) shares rise after beating profit expectations, reporting $392.4M in sales, and announcing plans for expansion and improved cash generation.  Via Benzinga Thursday's session: top gainers and losers ↗ February 26, 2026 Via Chartmill  Performance  YTD -9.3% -9.3% 1 Month +18.6% +18.6% 3 Month -14.7% -14.7% 6 Month +11.8% +11.8% 1 Year -38.7% -38.7%  More News  Read More There are notable gap-ups and gap-downs in today's session. ↗ February 26, 2026 Via Chartmill Krispy Kreme Inc (NASDAQ:DNUT) Stock Surges on Strong Profit Beat and Turnaround Progress ↗ February 26, 2026 Via Chartmill Get insights into the top gainers and losers of Thursday's pre-market session. ↗ February 26, 2026 Via Chartmill News headline image Krispy Kreme (NASDAQ:DNUT) Posts Better-Than-Expected Sales In Q4 CY2025, Stock Jumps 12% February 26, 2026 Via StockStory News headline image Krispy Kreme Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2025 Financial Results Demonstrating Meaningful Progress on Turnaround February 26, 2026 From Krispy Kreme Via Business Wire News headline image Krispy Kreme (DNUT) To Report Earnings Tomorrow: Here Is What To Expect February 24, 2026 Via StockStory Topics Government World Trade News headline image An Iconic Duo: KRISPY KREME® Partners with OREO® Cookie for New Limited-Time Doughnut Collection February 23, 2026 From Krispy Kreme Via Business Wire News headline image 2 Small-Cap Stocks Worth Investigating and 1 We Ignore February 18, 2026 Via StockStory News headline image 3 Stocks Under $10 That Concern Us February 12, 2026 Via StockStory News headline image Krispy Kreme to Announce Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2025 Results on February 26, 2026 February 12, 2026 From Krispy Kreme Via Business Wire News headline image ‘Lucky in Love’: KRISPY KREME® Giving Away 13,000 Original Glazed® Dozens on Friday the 13th February 11, 2026 From Krispy Kreme Via Business Wire News headline image Is Intuitive Machines Stock a Buy After the University of Pennsylvania Purchased 2.6 Million Shares? ↗ February 09, 2026 Via The Motley Fool News headline image 1 of Wall Street’s Favorite Stock with Impressive Fundamentals and 2 We Find Risky February 05, 2026 Via StockStory News headline image KRISPY KREME’S® New Big Game Dozen Sure to Score with Football Fans this Weekend February 05, 2026 From Krispy Kreme Via Business Wire News headline image Skip the Card this Valentine’s Day: Say It with Doughnuts! KRISPY KREME® Debuts All-New Valentine's Day Collection February 02, 2026 From Krispy Kreme Via Business Wire News headline image 3 Cash-Burning Stocks We Approach with Caution February 01, 2026 Via StockStory Topics Bankruptcy News headline image KRISPY KREME® Returns Fan Favorite Chocomania Collection, Featuring All-New Doughnuts Glazed with HERSHEY’S Chocolate January 26, 2026 From Krispy Kreme Via Business Wire News headline image Traditional Fast Food Stocks Q3 Teardown: Krispy Kreme (NASDAQ:DNUT) Vs The Rest January 22, 2026 Via StockStory News headline image KILL Oh, Baby! KRISPY KREME® Celebrates First Birthday of Baby Delivered in Krispy Kreme Parking Lot with Zero Delivery this Wednesday-Thursday January 20, 2026 Via Business Wire News headline image KRISPY KREME® Helping Fans Level up Monday’s Football Festivities With Limited-Edition Championship Dozen, Available Monday, Jan. 19 January 16, 2026 From Krispy Kreme Via Business Wire News headline image New Year Pumps New Life In Opendoor, Other Meme Stocks; Retail Investors Rejoice ↗ January 07, 2026 Via Stocktwits Topics ETFs News headline image Darden, CAVA, Shake Shack, Krispy Kreme, and Cracker Barrel Shares Are Soaring, What You Need To Know January 06, 2026 Via StockStory Topics Economy News headline image Krispy Kreme to Present at ICR Conference 2026 January 05, 2026 From Krispy Kreme Via Business Wire  Frequently Asked Questions  Is Krispy Kreme, Inc. - Common Stock publicly traded? Yes, Krispy Kreme, Inc. - Common Stock is publicly traded. What exchange does Krispy Kreme, Inc. - Common Stock trade on? Krispy Kreme, Inc. - Common Stock trades on the Nasdaq Stock Market What is the ticker symbol for Krispy Kreme, Inc. - Common Stock? The ticker symbol for Krispy Kreme, Inc. - Common Stock is DNUT on the Nasdaq Stock Market What is the current price of Krispy Kreme, Inc. - Common Stock? The current price of Krispy Kreme, Inc. - Common Stock is 3.700 When was Krispy Kreme, Inc. - Common Stock last traded? The last trade of Krispy Kreme, Inc. - Common Stock was at 03/04/26 04:00 PM ET What is the market capitalization of Krispy Kreme, Inc. - Common Stock? The market capitalization of Krispy Kreme, Inc. - Common Stock is 633.81M How many shares of Krispy Kreme, Inc. - Common Stock are outstanding? Krispy Kreme, Inc. - Common Stock has 634M shares outstanding. Stock Quote API & Stock News API supplied by www.cloudquote.io Quotes delayed at least 20 minutes. By accessing this page, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms Of Service. © 2025 FinancialContent. All rights reserved.  Sections    • Home   • News   • Sports   • Entertainment   • Local Events   • Obituaries   • Multimedia   • Online Features  Services    • Subscription Services   • Submission Forms   • Classifieds   • Place an Ad   • Promote Your Event   • Email Alerts   • Search   • Weather  Poteau Daily News  PoteauDailyNews.com 804 N. Broadway Poteau, OK 74953 Phone: 918-647-3188 Email: circulation@poteaudailynews.com   • Facebook  Browser Compatibility  Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks. We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:  Microsoft Edge Google Chrome Firefox © Copyright 2026 Poteau Daily News 804 N. Broadway, Poteau, OK  | Terms of Use  | Privacy Policy  | California Privacy Notice  | Cookie Preferences Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital.
__label__cc  Skip to main content   • Sign Up   • Log In   • Dashboard   • Logout     • My Account     • Dashboard     • Profile     • Saved items     • Logout Home   • Contact Us   • Subscription Services   • Promote Your Event   • e-Edition News Sports Obituaries Photos e-Edition Classifieds   • Place an Ad Best of 2025 Archives Subscribe   • Contact Us   • Subscribe   • e-Edition   • Sign Up   • Log In   • Dashboard   • Logout     • My Account     • Dashboard     • Profile     • Saved items     • Logout   • 39°      • Saint Marys, PA (15857)        Today        Rain. High 49F. Winds ESE at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 100%. Rainfall near a half an inch..        Tonight        Considerable cloudiness with occasional rain showers. Low near 45F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 70%.        Updated: March 5, 2026 @ 1:49 am      • Full Forecast site-logo site-logo   • Subscribe   • Home     • Contact Us     • Subscription Services     • Promote Your Event     • e-Edition   • News   • Sports   • Obituaries   • Photos   • e-Edition   • Classifieds     • Place an Ad   • Best of 2025   • Archives Recent Quotes View Full List My Watchlist Create Watchlist Indicators DJI Nasdaq Composite SPX Gold Crude Oil Markets Stocks ETFs Tools Markets: Overview News Currencies International Treasuries  Study Describes Link Between Viral infections, Autoimmune Diseases  By: Investor Brand Network April 06, 2023 at 15:21 PM EDT  The recent coronavirus pandemic underscored how dangerous viral infections can be when they get out of hand. The communicable respiratory disease took nearly 7 million lives, bringing the globe to a standstill as countries shut their borders to prevent infections. In a recent study, researchers tried to determine whether similar viral infections and autoimmune diseases were connected.  Autoimmune conditions occur when an individual’s immune system mistakes healthy tissue for foreign invaders and begins attacking the…  Read More>>  NOTE TO INVESTORS: The latest news and updates relating to Aditxt Inc. (NASDAQ: ADTX) are available in the company’s newsroom at https://ibn.fm/ADTX  About BioMedWire  BioMedWire (BMW) is a bio-med news and content distribution company that provides (1) access to a network of wire services via InvestorWire to reach all target markets, industries and demographics in the most effective manner possible, (2) article and editorial syndication to 5,000+ news outlets (3), enhanced press release services to ensure maximum impact, (4) social media distribution via the Investor Brand Network (IBN) to millions of social media followers, (5) a full array of corporate communications solutions, and (6) a total news coverage solution with BMW Prime. As a multifaceted organization with an extensive team of contributing journalists and writers, BMW is uniquely positioned to best serve private and public companies that desire to reach a wide audience of investors, consumers, journalists and the general public. By cutting through the overload of information in today’s market, BMW brings its clients unparalleled visibility, recognition and brand awareness. BMW is where news, content and information converge.  To receive SMS text alerts from BioMedWire, text “Biotech” to 844-397-5787 (U.S. Mobile Phones Only)  For more information, please visit https://www.biomedwire.com  Please see full terms of use and disclaimers on the BioMedWire website applicable to all content provided by BMW, wherever published or re-published: http://BMW.fm/Disclaimer  BioMedWire (BMW) San Francisco, California www.biomedwire.com 415.949.5050 Office Editor@BioMedWire.com  BioMedWire is part of the InvestorBrandNetwork.  More News  View More News headline image Uber and Joby Aviation Team Up: Game Changer or Hype? ↗ March 04, 2026 Via MarketBeat Tickers JOBY UBER News headline image CrowdStrike Beats, But AI Concerns Persist ↗ March 04, 2026 Via MarketBeat Topics Artificial Intelligence Tickers CRWD News headline image GitLab Sell-Off Overdone: AI and Cash Flow Signal a Rebound ↗ March 04, 2026 Via MarketBeat Topics Artificial Intelligence Tickers GTLB News headline image Wall Street Loves FIGS—Why Do Price Targets Predict Pullback? ↗ March 04, 2026 Via MarketBeat Tickers FIGS LULU News headline image 3 Targeted Oil Plays as the Iran Crisis Lifts Crude ↗ March 04, 2026 Via MarketBeat Tickers BKR HAL YPF  Recent Quotes  View More Symbol Price Change (%) AMZN  216.82 +8.09 (3.88%) AAPL  262.52 -1.23 (-0.47%) AMD  202.07 +11.12 (5.82%) BAC  50.30 +0.33 (0.66%) GOOG  303.45 -0.11 (-0.04%) META  667.73 +12.65 (1.93%) MSFT  405.20 +1.27 (0.31%) NVDA  183.04 +2.99 (1.66%) ORCL  152.37 +3.36 (2.25%) TSLA  405.94 +13.51 (3.44%) Stock Quote API & Stock News API supplied by www.cloudquote.io Quotes delayed at least 20 minutes. By accessing this page, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms Of Service. © 2025 FinancialContent. All rights reserved.  Sections    • News   • Sports   • Entertainment   • Announcements   • Local Events   • Obituaries   • Multimedia   • Online Features  Services    • Subscription Services   • Submission Forms   • Classifieds   • Place an Ad   • Promote Your Event   • Email Alerts   • Search   • Weather  The Daily Press  SMDailyPress.com 245 Brusselles Street St. Marys, PA 15857 Phone: 814-781-1596 Email: community@smdailypress.com   • Facebook  Browser Compatibility  Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks. We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:  Microsoft Edge Google Chrome Firefox © Copyright 2026 The Daily Press 245 Brusselles Street, St. Marys, PA  | Terms of Use  | Privacy Policy  | California Privacy Notice  | Cookie Preferences Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital.
__label__cc CANFORREST  Walking Across Canada For Awareness of Depression  Pages    • Home   • Why I'm Walking Across Canada   • Beautiful People - Lund, BC To Present   • Beautiful Sites 2016 to Present   • People Who Helped Me - From Lund, BC to Thunder Bay, ON   • People Who Helped Me - Thunder Bay, Ontario to St. John - NFL   • Beautiful Sites Across Canada 2013-2016   • Please Help with a Donation to Help Me Complete my Journey   • Equipment & Supplies  Sunday, 25 August 2013  08-24-13 - 18 KM West of Calgary - AB   08-24-13 - 18 KM West of Calgary - AB Posted by Unknown at 17:09 Email ThisBlogThis!Share to XShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest  No comments:  Post a Comment  Newer Post Older Post Home Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom)  Thank You Everyone  Thank You Everyone  Boyd Lalonde  Unknown View my complete profile  Donations    • Gofundme  Total Pageviews  Subscribe To  Posts Atom Posts Comments Atom Comments  Search This Blog  Popular Posts    • (no title)         04-24-13 - East of Christina Lake - BC﻿   • 02-18-13 - The Jouney Begins       02-18-13 - The Journey Begins   • 02-18-13 - Hiking Equipment & Supplies      Below is a list of equipment and supplies I am carrying with me on my journey across Canada and back. I would like to give a special thank...   • 11-02-14 - Chilling With A Woodpecker - 25KM East of North Bay - ON     11-02-14 - Chilling With A Woodpecker - 25KM East of North Bay - ON   • 04-15-13 - Fishing in Rock Creek - BC     04-15-13 - Fishing in Rock Creek - BC ﻿   • 03-21-13 - My First Mountain Conquered!         03-21-13 - My First Mountain Conquered! ﻿   • 06-08-13 - Fire Works War beteen Tony & Boyd     06-08-13 - Fire Works War beteen Tony & Boyd   • 15-07-03 - Nice Country Side - 30KM South of Grand Falls - NB     15-07-03 - Nice Country Side - 30KM South of Grand Falls - NB   • 17-10-17a - Thank you Cathy - Another Beautiful Sunrise - 45KM East of - Sault Ste Marie - ON     17-10-17a - Thank you Cathy - Another Beautiful Sunrise - 45KM East of - Sault Ste Marie - ON   • 17-10-06 - Beautiful Morning - Batchawanna Bay - ON     17-10-06 - Beautiful Morning - Batchawanna Bay - ON Awesome Inc. theme. Theme images by RBFried. Powered by Blogger.
__label__cc The Regional Environmental Centre for Central Asia Menu   • Main Page   • About Us     • About CAREC     • Mission and Goals     • Organisational Structure     • Partners     • Strategic Documents     • Contacts   • What We Do     • Offices     • Programs & Departments     • Projects     • Platforms     • Events Calendar     • Cooperation Network     • Mettings   • News     • News   • Carec Knowlegde Hub     • Water     • Climate     • Publications     • Online Education     • Discussion Club   • What We Offer     • Vacancies     • Tenders     • Services     • Internship   • Complaints and Appeals rus intranet   • Main Page   • Search Results   • Tag Search  Tag Search  Central Asia × Food security × Renewable energy sources × Biodiversity × Ten project proposals based on water, energy and food security approach discussed in Turkmenistan Tags: Central Asia Turkmenistan Renewable energy sources Green economy Water resources Biodiversity Food security Agriculture Water cooperation Nexus Результаты поиска  1 - 1 of 1 First Prev. 1 Next Last  Contacts    • +7 (727) 265 4333   • +7 (727) 265 4334   • info@carececo.org   • Stop by our office      Stop by our office  We are working in the Central Asia  Sitemap  Main Page About Us What We Do News Carec Knowlegde Hub What We Offer Complaints and Appeals  Previous Versions of This Site  old.carececo.org © The Regional Environmental Centre for Central Asia, 2026 Web-site created by - 1C-Rating  
__label__cc Casino Christmas Calendar Verde Casino 2024  Verde Casino 2024  Verde Casino  Play Now by admin December 9, 2024 0 Verde Casino 2024  Leave a Reply Cancel reply  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *  Recent Posts      Recent Comments      No comments to show.     © Copyright 2024 Casino Christmas Calendar     Casino Christmas Calendar     © Copyright 2024 Casino Christmas Calendar
__label__cc Skip to content Home About us  Exploring the Best PlayStation Games of All Time    • Post author:admin   • Post published:February 19, 2026   • Post category:Uncategorized  The PlayStation brand has consistently delivered unforgettable gaming experiences, and the best PlayStation games are celebrated for their innovation, depth, and storytelling. Across generations, these games have captivated audiences with compelling narratives, bantai togel exciting gameplay, and technical excellence. From the earliest PlayStation consoles to the modern PlayStation 5, these titles continue to define what it means to play.  Narrative-driven gameplay is a hallmark of PlayStation games. Titles such as The Last of Us Part II and Uncharted combine cinematic storytelling with immersive gameplay, allowing players to become fully invested in characters and worlds. The best PlayStation games emphasize story alongside mechanics, making each experience memorable and emotionally engaging. Players are not just completing tasks—they are participating in a living, breathing world.  The PSP added a new dimension to the PlayStation ecosystem, offering portable gaming experiences without sacrificing quality. PSP games like God of War: Chains of Olympus and Monster Hunter Freedom Unite delivered rich, console-level gameplay in a compact format. These titles proved that handheld devices could host deep, engaging, and visually impressive games, bringing the best PlayStation experiences wherever players went.  PlayStation games excel in their variety of genres. From action-adventure epics to racing, sports, and role-playing games, there is something for every type of player. Gran Turismo provides realistic racing thrills, while RPGs like Persona 5 immerse players in complex strategic worlds. The PSP mirrored this diversity with games that offered unique mechanics and gameplay styles, ensuring the platform remained appealing to all types of gamers.  Technological innovation has consistently driven PlayStation games forward. Each console generation brought better graphics, more advanced AI, and smoother gameplay. PlayStation 5 games, in particular, feature lifelike environments, dynamic interactions, and responsive controls that enhance immersion. PSP games, though more limited in hardware, still achieved remarkable results, showcasing the ingenuity of developers in maximizing potential.  Multiplayer and social gameplay features further enhance PlayStation games. Online modes, co-op missions, and competitive gameplay allow players to connect, collaborate, and compete globally. This social aspect extends the lifespan of games and adds an extra layer of engagement, transforming solo experiences into shared adventures that keep players coming back.  You Might Also Like  The Art of PlayStation: How Its Best Games Became Timeless Works of Interactive Storytelling  November 13, 2025  PSP: Game Klasik yang Masih Layak Dimainkan di Era Modern  December 4, 2025  Timeless Adventures: Exploring the Best Games on PlayStation Consoles  July 22, 2025    • btc hoje   • เว็บซื้อหวย   • plinko argent réel avis   • SITUS TOGEL   • slot gacor   • ino777 login   • bdg win app   • สล็อตเว็บตรง   • HK pools   • badak178   • 스포츠무료중계   • coba777 slot login   • rajatoto88   • agen slot gacor mpo   • kasih777 login   • slot gacor   • https://www.2dye4-salon.com/about   • w33slot   • kasih777 login   • sarang777   • slot gacor hari ini   • slot gacor gampang menang   • Bolacasino88   • cricketbet9 mahadev book   • laser247 login   • reddy book login   • ollo4d gacor   • Rtp Slot Gacor   • sawit777   • canada online casino   • Ceria777   • live draw cambodia   • coba777   • sawit777   • jakartaslot88   • sarangsbobet   • bagong4d   • ceria777   • ino777   • Slot Gacor   • Situs Slot Gacor   • reddy anna book club   • 라스티비   • betbhai9   • sarang777   • unyu168   • https://hairweromaha.com/   • live draw cambodia   • judi bola online   • sarang777   • toto slot   • slot gacor   • ide777   • Bandar Slot   • dentoto   • SITUS TOTO   • awslot777   • slot gacor 777   • bandar togel   • awslot777   • Mesir77 slot gacor   • link alternatif roma77   • roma77 slot   • Agen Togel   • sarang777   • hiburan139   • sarang777   • ceria777   • Slot Thailand   • coba777   • https://awtarmedia.com/   • sarang777   • cendanabet   • cendanabet   • cendanabet   • cendanabet   • geleng81 daftar   • unyu168 login  [include_links_php]  tipobet
__label__cc Skip to content Home About us  The Best PSP Games for Hardcore Fans    • Post author:admin   • Post published:April 23, 2025   • Post category:Uncategorized  The PlayStation Portable (PSP) was a groundbreaking handheld console that brought console-quality gaming to players on the go. Released in 2004, the PSP offered a wide range of games that spanned various genres, from cendanabet action-packed shooters to deep RPGs, and everything in between. While the PSP is no longer in production, it remains a favorite among hardcore fans who appreciate its unique library of games. For those looking to revisit the PSP’s best titles, here’s a look at some of the standout games that defined the handheld’s legacy.  One of the most beloved games on the PSP was Persona 3 Portable, a portable version of the critically acclaimed RPG Persona 3. This game blended traditional turn-based combat with life simulation elements, allowing players to balance their time between battling monsters in the dungeon-like Tartarus and forging relationships with classmates in the real world. Persona 3 Portable was praised for its deep storytelling, compelling characters, and innovative gameplay mechanics. It remains one of the best RPGs on the PSP and a standout entry in the Persona series. Fans of the game still consider it one of the greatest handheld RPGs ever created.  For fans of action games, God of War: Chains of Olympus was a standout on the PSP. A prequel to the original God of War series, Chains of Olympus allowed players to step into the sandals of Kratos as he battled gods and mythical creatures in ancient Greece. The game retained the brutal combat and epic scale of its console counterparts, delivering an action-packed experience that felt right at home on the PSP. The game’s graphics were stunning for a handheld title, and the story’s exploration of Kratos’s backstory provided additional depth to the character. Chains of Olympus remains one of the most beloved games in the God of War franchise.  For fans of stealth games, Metal Gear Solid: Peace Walker was a standout title on the PSP. A full-fledged entry in the Metal Gear series, Peace Walker offered tactical espionage gameplay that was perfectly suited for the PSP’s unique hardware. The game’s multiplayer functionality allowed players to team up and complete missions together, adding a layer of replayability that kept fans coming back for more. Peace Walker was praised for its engaging story, complex gameplay mechanics, and its ability to capture the essence of Metal Gear on a handheld device. For fans of the series, Peace Walker is considered one of the best PSP games available.  Lastly, for fans of racing games, Wipeout Pure was an exceptional title that delivered fast-paced, futuristic racing action. The game’s tight controls, sleek visuals, and high-speed gameplay made it one of the best racing games on the PSP. The fast, gravity-defying races were exhilarating, and the game’s soundtrack, filled with techno and electronic beats, perfectly complemented the high-energy gameplay. Wipeout Pure remains a fan favorite for those who enjoy intense racing action, and it’s one of the standout games in the PSP’s racing genre.  The PSP may no longer be in production, but its library of games continues to be celebrated by hardcore fans. From RPGs like Persona 3 Portable to action-packed adventures like God of War: Chains of Olympus, the PSP offered a wide variety of experiences that remain beloved to this day. For those who still have their PSP consoles, these games represent the best the system had to offer and are a reminder of why the PSP is considered one of the greatest handheld consoles ever made.  You Might Also Like  How PlayStation Games Became the Gold Standard for Console Gaming  May 27, 2025  The Best PSP Games That Still Hold Up in 2025: Reliving the Glory Days  June 3, 2025  FIFA 24 – Immersive Soccer Simulation on PlayStation  December 25, 2025    • btc hoje   • เว็บซื้อหวย   • plinko argent réel avis   • SITUS TOGEL   • slot gacor   • ino777 login   • bdg win app   • สล็อตเว็บตรง   • HK pools   • badak178   • 스포츠무료중계   • coba777 slot login   • rajatoto88   • agen slot gacor mpo   • kasih777 login   • slot gacor   • https://www.2dye4-salon.com/about   • w33slot   • kasih777 login   • sarang777   • slot gacor hari ini   • slot gacor gampang menang   • Bolacasino88   • cricketbet9 mahadev book   • laser247 login   • reddy book login   • ollo4d gacor   • Rtp Slot Gacor   • sawit777   • canada online casino   • Ceria777   • live draw cambodia   • coba777   • sawit777   • jakartaslot88   • sarangsbobet   • bagong4d   • ceria777   • ino777   • Slot Gacor   • Situs Slot Gacor   • reddy anna book club   • 라스티비   • betbhai9   • sarang777   • unyu168   • https://hairweromaha.com/   • live draw cambodia   • judi bola online   • sarang777   • toto slot   • slot gacor   • ide777   • Bandar Slot   • dentoto   • SITUS TOTO   • awslot777   • slot gacor 777   • bandar togel   • awslot777   • Mesir77 slot gacor   • link alternatif roma77   • roma77 slot   • Agen Togel   • sarang777   • hiburan139   • sarang777   • ceria777   • Slot Thailand   • coba777   • https://awtarmedia.com/   • sarang777   • cendanabet   • cendanabet   • cendanabet   • cendanabet   • geleng81 daftar   • unyu168 login  [include_links_php]  tipobet
__label__cc Database Error Database error The database has encountered a problem. Please try the following:   • Load the page again by clicking the Refresh button in your web browser.   • Open the caycanh.sangnhuong.com home page, then try to open another page.   • Click the Back button to try another link. The caycanh.sangnhuong.com forum technical staff have been notified of the error, though you may contact them if the problem persists.   We apologise for any inconvenience.
__label__cc I'm not a robot
__label__cc WordPress  Coming Soon
__label__cc Huron, SD, USA  Huron, SD - It's a brand new day! (605) 352-0000 Business Directory Community Calendar Community Guide Huron Rising Visit us on Facebook.   • Home   • Visiting Huron     • Arts & Culture     • Events Calendar     • Hunting and Fishing     • Huron Merchandise     • Location & Directions     • Lodging       • Camping     • Recreation & Entertainment       • Golfing & Golf Courses       • Splash Central Waterpark     • Restaurants     • Shop Local in Huron     • Sights to See       • World’s Largest Pheasant       • Museums       • Murals on the Town   • Events In Huron     • Community Events Calendar     • Parade of Lights & Christmas Lanes     • Independence Day Celebration     • Spirit of Dakota     • Planning an Event       • Huron Event Center   • Hunt Huron     • Hunting in Huron SD     • Pheasant Fest     • Events     • Hunting Packet     • Ringneck Festival & Bird Dog Challenge     • Local Info     • Videos   • Living in Huron     • City of Huron     • Huron Parks and Rec Activity Registration     • Education/Childcare     • History     • Health Services & Wellness     • Huron Community Campus     • Huron Public Library     • Huron Regional Airport     • News     • Restaurants     • Shop Local in Huron     • Splash Central Waterpark     • Greater Huron Development Corporation     • Beadle County   • Moving to Huron     • Church Directory     • Education/Childcare     • Housing & Real Estate     • Southtown Development     • Housing Directory     • Jobs / Employment     • New Residents Guide     • Restaurants     • Shop Local in Huron   • Chamber of Commerce     • Board of Directors & Staff     • Business Directory     • Chamber Calendar     • Chamber Investment       • Investment Benefits       • Chamber Investor Login     • Huron Connect     • Leadership Huron     • Agriculture Committee     • Ambassadors Committee     • Governmental Affairs Committee     • Parade of Lights Committee     • Ringneck Festival & Bird Dog Challenge Committee     • SD BBQ Championships Committee     • Shop and Win   • Contact Us Chamber of Commerce   1. Home   2. Chamber of Commerce * * * *  Jensen Design Build, LLC    • Share:   •     •     •     •     •     •     • Contractors Jensen Design Build, LLC   • Visit Website   • Request Info 801 Quince St Mitchell, SD 57301 (605) 990-4800  About Us  Jensen Design Build together with Jensen Capital & Development specializes in property development for residential and commercial properties including design-build services for multi-family… read more   • About   • Highlights   • Map    • About      Jensen Design Build together with Jensen Capital & Development specializes in property development for residential and commercial properties including design-build services for multi-family residential complex units and development of real estate for expansion of residential housing needs.    • Highlights      • New Custom Homes     • Twin Homes     • Redi-Built Homes     • Multi-Family Housing     Visiting Huron     Living In Huron     Moving to Huron      Influencer & Builder Chamber Investors      *     *     *     *     *     *     *     *     *     *     *     *     *     *      Huron Chamber & Visitors Bureau      1725 Dakota Ave S.     Huron SD 57350     Email     Phone: (605) 352-0000     Fax: (605) 352-8321      Request     a Visitors Packet     Check Out     Our Community Guide     • Home     • Visiting Huron     • Events In Huron     • Living In Huron     • Moving To Huron     • Chamber of Commerce     • Return To Top      Find Your Way to Huron      Whether you are planning a short vacation to Huron or you are relocating to the area permanently, getting here is easy. Conveniently located at the intersection of US Hwy 14 and SD Hwy 37 with close proximity to I-90 and I-29, Huron is easily accessible from nearly any direction.      Privacy Policy
__label__cc  Background image The world of trains according to David Graham David Graham | blog | trains  Railfan information    • Railfan Etiquette   • Trackside Guide   • railpictures.ca  Places  Aerial Photography Africa - Kenya Americas - Bahamas - Canada -- Alberta -- British Columbia -- New Brunswick -- Nova Scotia -- Ontario -- Quebec -- Saskatchewan - USA -- Alabama -- California -- Connecticut -- Delaware -- Florida -- Georgia -- Illinois -- Indiana -- Iowa -- Kansas -- Louisiana -- Maine -- Maryland -- Massachusetts -- Michigan -- Mississippi -- Nebraska -- New Hampshire -- New Jersey -- New York -- North Carolina -- Ohio -- Oklahoma -- Pennsylvania -- South Carolina -- Texas -- Vermont -- Virginia -- Washington DC -- West Virginia Asia - Hong Kong - South Korea - Taiwan At Sea Europe - Austria - Belgium - France - Germany - Holland - Italy - Liechtenstein - Switzerland - UK -- England -- Scotland -- Wales  Latest by month    • 2023-04   • 2023-03   • 2022-09   • 2022-07   • 2022-02   • 2022-01   • 2021-11   • 2021-10   • 2021-09   • 2021-08   • 2021-07   • 2021-04   • 2021-02   • 2020-12   • 2020-10 All years   • 2023   • 2022   • 2021   • 2020   • 2019   • 2018   • 2017   • 2016   • 2015   • 2014   • 2013   • 2012   • 2011   • 2010   • 2009   • 2008   • 2007   • 2006   • 2005   • 2004   • 2003  Other indices    • Reporting marks   • Locomotives   • Videos   • Favourites  2019-12-27  December 27th, 2019  Railfanning Chicago is rather like shooting fish in a barrel if you handle the city itself. I am a country boy and so it isn't really my cup of tea. We did manage to catch a little bit of action as we entered and exited the city for (non-railfan) touristy reasons, although the day was off toa slightly bad start when I followed a different line from the one I thought I was following out of the city: with an EOT squawking away nearby but no sign of the train it was attached to, we admired the diamond at Stillwell for a few minutes before carrying on.  Chicago  Chicago, Illinois  Chicago is without a doubt the rail capital of North America, but it does require some preparation to explore and a lot of patience to deal with what passes for traffic flow in the city.  2019-12-27.7494.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7495.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7496.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7497.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7498.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7499.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7500.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7501.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7502.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7503.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7504.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7505.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7506.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7507.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7508.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7509.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7510.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7511.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7512.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7513.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7514.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7515.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7516.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7518.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7519.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7520.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7521.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7522.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7523.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7524.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7525.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7526.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7527.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7528.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7529.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7530.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7531.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7532.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7533.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7534.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7535.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7536.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7537.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7538.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7539.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7540.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7541.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7542.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7543.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7544.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7545.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7546.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7547.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7548.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7549.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7550.Chicago.jpg 2019-12-27.7551.Chicago.jpg  Shabbona-IL  Shabbona, Illinois  Shabbona is a small town along the BNSF westbound out of Chicago and is where the tracks diverge (westbound) from easy following after miles of running next to a major road.  2019-12-27.7583.Shabbona-IL.jpg 2019-12-27.7584.Shabbona-IL.jpg 2019-12-27.7585.Shabbona-IL.jpg 2019-12-27.7586.Shabbona-IL.jpg 2019-12-27.7587.Shabbona-IL.jpg 2019-12-27.7588.Shabbona-IL.jpg 2019-12-27.7589.Shabbona-IL.jpg  The pictures and videos of railfan.ca were taken by, with, or for David Graham. They are intended for personal non-commercial use only. For any other uses, please contact me at cdlu@railfan.ca. Always keep the photographer's name with the videos and photos. Opinions expressed here are my own, and do not necessarily reflect those of CN. Thanks!  (RSS) Website generating code and content © 2003-2026 David Graham <cdlu@railfan.ca>.
__label__cc GOES-R Series Cloud Animation Viewer  GOES-16 GOES-17 20230511 20230510 20230509 20230508 20230507 All available times   •    0 hours ago     • 0 hour loop     • 1 hour loop     • 2 hour loop     • 3 hour loop     • 6 hour loop     • 9 hour loop     • 12 hour loop     • 18 hour loop     • 24 hour loop     • 30 hour loop     • 36 hour loop     • 42 hour loop     • 48 hour loop   •    1 hours ago     • 0 hour loop     • 1 hour loop     • 2 hour loop     • 3 hour loop     • 6 hour loop     • 9 hour loop     • 12 hour loop     • 18 hour loop     • 24 hour loop     • 30 hour loop     • 36 hour loop     • 42 hour loop     • 48 hour loop   •    2 hours ago     • 0 hour loop     • 1 hour loop     • 2 hour loop     • 3 hour loop     • 6 hour loop     • 9 hour loop     • 12 hour loop     • 18 hour loop     • 24 hour loop     • 30 hour loop     • 36 hour loop     • 42 hour loop     • 48 hour loop   •    3 hours ago     • 0 hour loop     • 1 hour loop     • 2 hour loop     • 3 hour loop     • 6 hour loop     • 9 hour loop     • 12 hour loop     • 18 hour loop     • 24 hour loop     • 30 hour loop     • 36 hour loop     • 42 hour loop     • 48 hour loop   •    6 hours ago     • 0 hour loop     • 1 hour loop     • 2 hour loop     • 3 hour loop     • 6 hour loop     • 9 hour loop     • 12 hour loop     • 18 hour loop     • 24 hour loop     • 30 hour loop     • 36 hour loop     • 42 hour loop     • 48 hour loop   •    9 hours ago     • 0 hour loop     • 1 hour loop     • 2 hour loop     • 3 hour loop     • 6 hour loop     • 9 hour loop     • 12 hour loop     • 18 hour loop     • 24 hour loop     • 30 hour loop     • 36 hour loop     • 42 hour loop     • 48 hour loop   •    12 hours ago     • 0 hour loop     • 1 hour loop     • 2 hour loop     • 3 hour loop     • 6 hour loop     • 9 hour loop     • 12 hour loop     • 18 hour loop     • 24 hour loop     • 30 hour loop     • 36 hour loop     • 42 hour loop     • 48 hour loop   •    18 hours ago     • 0 hour loop     • 1 hour loop     • 2 hour loop     • 3 hour loop     • 6 hour loop     • 9 hour loop     • 12 hour loop     • 18 hour loop     • 24 hour loop     • 30 hour loop     • 36 hour loop     • 42 hour loop     • 48 hour loop   •    24 hours ago     • 0 hour loop     • 1 hour loop     • 2 hour loop     • 3 hour loop     • 6 hour loop     • 9 hour loop     • 12 hour loop     • 18 hour loop     • 24 hour loop     • 30 hour loop     • 36 hour loop     • 42 hour loop     • 48 hour loop   •    30 hours ago     • 0 hour loop     • 1 hour loop     • 2 hour loop     • 3 hour loop     • 6 hour loop     • 9 hour loop     • 12 hour loop     • 18 hour loop     • 24 hour loop     • 30 hour loop     • 36 hour loop     • 42 hour loop     • 48 hour loop   •    36 hours ago     • 0 hour loop     • 1 hour loop     • 2 hour loop     • 3 hour loop     • 6 hour loop     • 9 hour loop     • 12 hour loop     • 18 hour loop     • 24 hour loop     • 30 hour loop     • 36 hour loop     • 42 hour loop     • 48 hour loop   •    42 hours ago     • 0 hour loop     • 1 hour loop     • 2 hour loop     • 3 hour loop     • 6 hour loop     • 9 hour loop     • 12 hour loop     • 18 hour loop     • 24 hour loop     • 30 hour loop     • 36 hour loop     • 42 hour loop     • 48 hour loop   •    48 hours ago     • 0 hour loop     • 1 hour loop     • 2 hour loop     • 3 hour loop     • 6 hour loop     • 9 hour loop     • 12 hour loop     • 18 hour loop     • 24 hour loop     • 30 hour loop     • 36 hour loop     • 42 hour loop     • 48 hour loop Every image Every other image Every 4th image Baseline Cloud Mask (BCM) Cloud Top Height (CTH) Cloud Top Pressure (CTP) Cloud Top Temperature (CTT) Cloud Phase Cloud Optical Depth (COD) Land Surface Temperature (LST) Sea Surface Temperature (SST) Total Precipitable Water (TPW) Red band (C2) Snow/Ice band (C5) Mid-Level Water Vapor Band (C9) IR Window Band (C13) IR Window Band (C14) RGB 2_3_1 RGB 4_2_5 RGB 7_7_14 Baseline Cloud Mask (BCM) Cloud Top Height (CTH) Cloud Top Pressure (CTP) Cloud Top Temperature (CTT) Cloud Phase Cloud Optical Depth (COD) Land Surface Temperature (LST) Sea Surface Temperature (SST) Total Precipitable Water (TPW) Red band (C2) Snow/Ice band (C5) Mid-Level Water Vapor Band (C9) IR Window Band (C13) IR Window Band (C14) RGB 2_3_1 RGB 4_2_5 RGB 7_7_14  *GOES-17 is beta maturity
__label__cc GOES-R Series Cloud Animation Viewer  GOES-16 GOES-17 20230511 20230510 20230509 20230508 20230507 All available times   •    0 hours ago     • 0 hour loop     • 1 hour loop     • 2 hour loop     • 3 hour loop     • 6 hour loop     • 9 hour loop     • 12 hour loop     • 18 hour loop     • 24 hour loop     • 30 hour loop     • 36 hour loop     • 42 hour loop     • 48 hour loop   •    1 hours ago     • 0 hour loop     • 1 hour loop     • 2 hour loop     • 3 hour loop     • 6 hour loop     • 9 hour loop     • 12 hour loop     • 18 hour loop     • 24 hour loop     • 30 hour loop     • 36 hour loop     • 42 hour loop     • 48 hour loop   •    2 hours ago     • 0 hour loop     • 1 hour loop     • 2 hour loop     • 3 hour loop     • 6 hour loop     • 9 hour loop     • 12 hour loop     • 18 hour loop     • 24 hour loop     • 30 hour loop     • 36 hour loop     • 42 hour loop     • 48 hour loop   •    3 hours ago     • 0 hour loop     • 1 hour loop     • 2 hour loop     • 3 hour loop     • 6 hour loop     • 9 hour loop     • 12 hour loop     • 18 hour loop     • 24 hour loop     • 30 hour loop     • 36 hour loop     • 42 hour loop     • 48 hour loop   •    6 hours ago     • 0 hour loop     • 1 hour loop     • 2 hour loop     • 3 hour loop     • 6 hour loop     • 9 hour loop     • 12 hour loop     • 18 hour loop     • 24 hour loop     • 30 hour loop     • 36 hour loop     • 42 hour loop     • 48 hour loop   •    9 hours ago     • 0 hour loop     • 1 hour loop     • 2 hour loop     • 3 hour loop     • 6 hour loop     • 9 hour loop     • 12 hour loop     • 18 hour loop     • 24 hour loop     • 30 hour loop     • 36 hour loop     • 42 hour loop     • 48 hour loop   •    12 hours ago     • 0 hour loop     • 1 hour loop     • 2 hour loop     • 3 hour loop     • 6 hour loop     • 9 hour loop     • 12 hour loop     • 18 hour loop     • 24 hour loop     • 30 hour loop     • 36 hour loop     • 42 hour loop     • 48 hour loop   •    18 hours ago     • 0 hour loop     • 1 hour loop     • 2 hour loop     • 3 hour loop     • 6 hour loop     • 9 hour loop     • 12 hour loop     • 18 hour loop     • 24 hour loop     • 30 hour loop     • 36 hour loop     • 42 hour loop     • 48 hour loop   •    24 hours ago     • 0 hour loop     • 1 hour loop     • 2 hour loop     • 3 hour loop     • 6 hour loop     • 9 hour loop     • 12 hour loop     • 18 hour loop     • 24 hour loop     • 30 hour loop     • 36 hour loop     • 42 hour loop     • 48 hour loop   •    30 hours ago     • 0 hour loop     • 1 hour loop     • 2 hour loop     • 3 hour loop     • 6 hour loop     • 9 hour loop     • 12 hour loop     • 18 hour loop     • 24 hour loop     • 30 hour loop     • 36 hour loop     • 42 hour loop     • 48 hour loop   •    36 hours ago     • 0 hour loop     • 1 hour loop     • 2 hour loop     • 3 hour loop     • 6 hour loop     • 9 hour loop     • 12 hour loop     • 18 hour loop     • 24 hour loop     • 30 hour loop     • 36 hour loop     • 42 hour loop     • 48 hour loop   •    42 hours ago     • 0 hour loop     • 1 hour loop     • 2 hour loop     • 3 hour loop     • 6 hour loop     • 9 hour loop     • 12 hour loop     • 18 hour loop     • 24 hour loop     • 30 hour loop     • 36 hour loop     • 42 hour loop     • 48 hour loop   •    48 hours ago     • 0 hour loop     • 1 hour loop     • 2 hour loop     • 3 hour loop     • 6 hour loop     • 9 hour loop     • 12 hour loop     • 18 hour loop     • 24 hour loop     • 30 hour loop     • 36 hour loop     • 42 hour loop     • 48 hour loop Every image Every other image Every 4th image Baseline Cloud Mask (BCM) Cloud Top Height (CTH) Cloud Top Pressure (CTP) Cloud Top Temperature (CTT) Cloud Phase Cloud Optical Depth (COD) Land Surface Temperature (LST) Sea Surface Temperature (SST) Total Precipitable Water (TPW) Red band (C2) Snow/Ice band (C5) Mid-Level Water Vapor Band (C9) IR Window Band (C13) IR Window Band (C14) RGB 2_3_1 RGB 4_2_5 RGB 7_7_14 Baseline Cloud Mask (BCM) Cloud Top Height (CTH) Cloud Top Pressure (CTP) Cloud Top Temperature (CTT) Cloud Phase Cloud Optical Depth (COD) Land Surface Temperature (LST) Sea Surface Temperature (SST) Total Precipitable Water (TPW) Red band (C2) Snow/Ice band (C5) Mid-Level Water Vapor Band (C9) IR Window Band (C13) IR Window Band (C14) RGB 2_3_1 RGB 4_2_5 RGB 7_7_14  *GOES-17 is beta maturity
__label__cc Redirect Notice  The previous page is sending you to https://agenjudislotonline19.weebly.com.   If you do not want to visit that page, you can return to the previous page.
__label__cc Wikidot.com .wikidot.com Share on twitter Facebook Delicious Digg Reddit Reddit Explore »    more from webs life  more from webs life    • Home   • Pages     • About     • Contact     • Favourites   • Gallery   • Admin     • Edit page     • Print page     • Edit this menu     • Edit side menu     • Page categories     • Recent changes     • Change theme     • Manage site   • Help     • Wiki syntax     • Modules reference Create account or Sign in  Legal | About | Contact  Tags | Edit | Source | Print  Posts by date    • 2019 (75)     • May (31)     • April (16)     • March (17)     • February (7)     • January (4)   • 2018 (441)     • December (8)     • November (100)     • October (72)     • September (30)     • August (72)     • July (62)     • June (27)     • May (10)     • April (21)     • March (37)     • February (2)  Posts by tags  It seems you have no tags attached to pages. To attach a tag simply click on the tags button at the bottom of any page.  Watchers  cliffordlongwellcliffordlongwell Watch: site | category | page Join This Site  This is a template project: we are making a template for blog sites. Right now this template is open to contributions from any registered Wikidot user. If you want to help with designing or fine-tuning, join the project as a member. The password is 'password'.  Who can join?  You can write here who can become a member of this site.  Join!  So you want to become a member of this site? Tell us why and apply now!  You can not apply. Membership via application is not enabled for this site.  Or, if you already know a "secret password", go for it!  You can not apply. Membership via password is not enabled for this site. Help  | Terms of Service  | Privacy  | Report a bug  | Flag as objectionable  | Update cookie settings Powered by Wikidot.com Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License Click here to edit contents of this page. Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible). Watch headings for an "edit" link when available. Append content without editing the whole page source. Check out how this page has evolved in the past. If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it. View and manage file attachments for this page. A few useful tools to manage this Site. See pages that link to and include this page. Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page. View wiki source for this page without editing. View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout). Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page. Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do. General Wikidot.com documentation and help section. Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc. Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.
__label__cc Index of /   NameLast modifiedSizeDescription  node_modules/ 2026-01-13 21:23 -    package.json 2026-01-13 17:15 2.2K   public/ 2026-01-13 21:23 -    server.js 2026-01-13 21:23 3.4K   tmp/ 2026-01-13 21:26 -  
__label__cc  Skip to content FacebookXEmail Complex Child Logo   • Home   • About     • History and Mission     • Privacy Policy     • Contact   • Editions     • COVID-19 Information     • 2020 Editions     • 2019 Editions     • 2018 Editions     • 2017 Editions     • 2016 Editions     • 2015 Editions     • 2014 Editions     • 2013 Editions     • 2012 Editions     • 2011 Editions     • 2010 Editions     • 2009 Editions     • 2008 Editions   • Caregiving     • Supporting Caregivers     • Emotions     • Organization and Preparation     • Care at Home     • Perspectives   • Medical Info     • COVID-19 Information     • General Medical Care     • Gastrointestinal     • Respiratory     • Neurology     • Kidneys and Urology     • Infections and Immunity     • Orthopedic     • Pain and Palliative Care     • Genetic and Congenital     • Physical Disabilities     • Sensory and Behavioral     • Vision and Hearing     • Other Specialties   • Therapy & Education     • Recreation and Travel     • Early Childhood     • Education and Learning     • Physical and Occupational Therapies     • Speech Therapy and Communication     • Adaptive Equipment   • Disability & Advocacy     • Advocacy     • Disability Issues     • Insurance and Medicaid   • Home   • About     • History and Mission     • Privacy Policy     • Contact   • Editions     • COVID-19 Information     • 2020 Editions     • 2019 Editions     • 2018 Editions     • 2017 Editions     • 2016 Editions     • 2015 Editions     • 2014 Editions     • 2013 Editions     • 2012 Editions     • 2011 Editions     • 2010 Editions     • 2009 Editions     • 2008 Editions   • Caregiving     • Supporting Caregivers     • Emotions     • Organization and Preparation     • Care at Home     • Perspectives   • Medical Info     • COVID-19 Information     • General Medical Care     • Gastrointestinal     • Respiratory     • Neurology     • Kidneys and Urology     • Infections and Immunity     • Orthopedic     • Pain and Palliative Care     • Genetic and Congenital     • Physical Disabilities     • Sensory and Behavioral     • Vision and Hearing     • Other Specialties   • Therapy & Education     • Recreation and Travel     • Early Childhood     • Education and Learning     • Physical and Occupational Therapies     • Speech Therapy and Communication     • Adaptive Equipment   • Disability & Advocacy     • Advocacy     • Disability Issues     • Insurance and Medicaid Emergency Tips from an EMTadmin2017-11-01T09:49:19-05:00  Emergency Tips from an EMT  by Jennifer Thoreson  My husband and I were three years into an adoption process when we decided to take up our city’s offer of free training to become licensed Emergency Medical Technicians (EMTs). It was a way to fill our time and empty hearts while we continued to wait for the child it seemed like was never going to come.  Becoming an EMT was terrifying, exciting, and all consuming, so it was the perfect distraction from simply enduring the ever-increasing wait times that were evolving for international adoption from China in 2008. Little did we know how critical this training was going to be for us as well as our future daughter.  We passed our practical exams right around the same time we said yes to bringing home a beautiful little girl from the other side of the world.  Lily’s Story  We never set out to be parents of a child with special needs. None of us do. The heart does not always listen to the brain, however. It was love at first sight when we saw a picture of a tiny elfin little girl with a smile bigger than her face and a mischievous twinkle in her eye. Our hearts said, “It doesn’t matter what her medical needs are, we can handle it because we already love her.”  Our first year home with Lily was pretty uneventful. She spent most of her time eating, sleeping, and growing. This all changed on a beautiful July morning, on a long walk with a friend, when Lily started screaming. Inconsolable, full body, gut-wrenching screaming like nothing I had ever heard her do before. She had screamed herself into exhaustion and fell asleep just as we got back to our house. That was when I noticed the twitching and my heart stopped. The rhythmic “tick, tick, tick,” of her left arm, the drool running down her cheek. I knew from my training and experience she was having a seizure. I yelled for my husband to call 911 and we headed for the ambulance bay that happened to be just next door.  EMS training is filled to overflowing with acronyms. EVERYTHING has an acronym, and one of the very first ones they pounded into our heads was “remember your ABCs.” Airway, Breathing, and Circulation. This is going to tell you immediately how critical the situation is.  I can tell you that in those first frenzied moments when Lily started seizing I had no idea if she was breathing or not. She was twitching so much that I couldn’t tell if her chest was moving air. All I could think was, “Please God, don’t make me have to do CPR on my own daughter.” Thankfully our fellow EMTs showed up for the call within minutes of us calling 911 and took over for this shell shocked and frantic mother.  No matter how well-trained or knowledgeable you are, seeing your child in medical distress can knock you down flat. And I was definitely traumatized that day. But I had complete confidence in knowing how to use and access emergency services. I am part of the emergency services system. When my husband called 911 he knew the dispatcher answering the phone. We personally knew the EMTs and police officers who would be responding to the call. We knew exactly which hospital we were going to be heading for and exactly how long it would take to get there. We were already preparing in our minds for the fact that we might need to arrange a paramedic intercept if our daughter didn’t improve quickly.  We didn’t know what the exact outcome of this situation was going to be for our daughter, but we had complete confidence that we were doing everything we could possibly do to make sure she had the very best chance at a positive outcome.  EMT Tips  If you are reading this, it probably means you have been or could potentially be in a similar situation with your child who has medical needs, and thoughts of it keep you awake at night. I want to give you a little bit of insight and some tips from inside the Emergency Services that might help you sleep a just a little bit better.  Educate yourself.  Learn as much as you possibly can about your child’s potential medical emergencies. If your child has special equipment like inhalers, a ventilator, or suction devices, know how to use them and troubleshoot them. Remember that the EMTs responding to a call may not be familiar with specialized equipment so you will be the expert there to help them.  Keep lists of medications in easy-to-access places. Know what side effects of medications can be and what to watch for. Make sure any emergency medications are stored properly, not expired, and accessible in the event of an emergency.  Make a plan.  Just like you make an escape route plan in case of a fire, you make an emergency response plan in case of a medical emergency. In our case of a seizure disorder, after our first seizure we grilled the doctors on what to do if she had another one (which she promptly did two weeks later). Do we call 911? Does she need emergency meds? Which hospital do we go to? Does she need to go by ambulance?  Do a practice run.  Go through all of the steps like you would in real life (don’t actually call 911 though). Doing a family emergency drill might reveal where you are missing information, equipment, access to medications, or your list of medications. Make sure you have things like your address and phone number posted at a central location so if someone else is placing the 911 call for you, they have all of the information that dispatch will need to get help to you. And in an emergency, it is not a rare thing to forget what your own address is.  Do a meet and greet with your local EMS service.  If you have a child with complex medical needs I cannot recommend this enough. Now, every EMS service is going to be different and have their own way of doing things. I can only speak for the service I am affiliated with, but we encourage families with children who have medical needs to reach out to us. If it is appropriate, we even have the family come to a monthly meeting for an official meet and greet, and to let the child or parents explain the medical condition and special needs. This helps us as an agency be better prepared for an emergency call for this individual, and it also allows the child to become familiar with the people who may be responding. Rather than a crowd of strangers rushing in with all kinds of scary equipment, there is instead a familiarity that these people are here to help. We love doing tours of our station and helping children gain understanding and exposure to the ambulance and equipment we carry.  Your local EMS service is also going to be able to help you with your emergency plan by explaining the process of what happens when you call 911. In our city we have a volunteer EMS service. Once a 911 call is placed, a page goes out for the on call EMTs to respond to an address for a certain medical need. Our EMTs respond to the station in their own vehicles, get the ambulance, and head to the scene. We shoot for a response time of 7 minutes or less. While we are in the process of responding, there is a police officer responding immediately to the scene. Our officers carry a basic first aid kit and defibrillator, and are usually on scene within a couple of minutes. (We are a small town; I realize this type of rapid response may not happen in a large city). The police officer will update us by radio of pertinent information. Dispatch will typically stay on the phone with you until the police car or ambulance arrives. They will also be able to coach you in basic first aid. In larger cities the fire department may be dispatched in conjunction with the EMS. Just another good reason to make some contacts to find out if you should expect to see one ambulance and a squad car in front of your house, or if you are going to be seeing some fire trucks, too. If you know these things ahead of time it can make the whole event much less traumatizing and overwhelming.  Sign up for your EMS service/county system of identifying complex medical needs.  In our county we have a system in place where families/individuals with complex medical needs can fill out a medical information card so that if a 911 call comes in from that address, that medical information pops up immediately for dispatch to see. That information is then conveyed directly to the responding EMS team. The more information we have going into a call, the better we are able to do our jobs when we get on scene.  Ask for and seek out specialized training.  Your local EMS service is probably going to be able to offer you, at the very least, basic first aid and CPR training. Ask them if they are willing to do more specialized training for how to respond for things like seizures, or any other issue your child might face. They may or may not be willing to provide that type of training. If they don’t, they may be able to give you information on where you can get some specialized training.  If you do have to call 911, do whatever you can to remain as calm as possible in that moment.  You are your child’s lifeline. When a child has complex medical needs, the parent is often the expert. As EMTs we will be looking to you for important information that may be critical in saving your child’s life. There will be time to fall apart later.  After an emergency event, take time to debrief.  This is when you can fall apart. Be kind to yourself after an emergency event. Even when there is an amazing, positive outcome, your body has gone through a roller coaster of chemical upheaval. There are consequences when your body dumps a massive amount of adrenaline into your system. It may not hit you until days or weeks later, or until something seemingly benign triggers you. Secondary PTSD is only beginning to become a more familiar and recognized condition among caregivers of children who are medically complex, but I can personally attest to the reality of it. Find someone to talk to about your emergency event. Debriefing is a common practice in the EMS/fire/police world when there is a particularly difficult call, and they are professionals. If debriefing is important for the professionals, it is that much more important for you.  Always Call 911  In summary, never, ever be afraid to call 911. Just because you call 911 and the ambulance and EMTs come does not mean you are obligated to take an ambulance ride. We would rather you call us to come for a possible emergency only to find out your child is OK, than for you to call us when it is too late. We will happily turn around and go home if your child turns out to be OK and not need emergency intervention.  Medical emergencies with our children are some of the scariest things most of us will ever face, and some of us will face them on a regular, ongoing basis. But this isn’t something you have to do alone, and there are a multitude of things you can now do to help take the level of stress down a notch. Sometimes just understanding the process of how to get the help you need is enough to let you sleep a little easier at night.  I’m a pro at dealing with seizures now. I still don’t always sleep the best, but at least I know exactly what I need to do, who I need to call, and when I need to do it. I also know that the people responding to my call want nothing but the very best outcome for my daughter, and that gives me a tremendous amount of peace and reassurance.  Author: Jennifer Thoreson • Date: 10/20/2017  About the Author  Jennifer is a full-time Mom to a complex and amazing young lady named Lily. Husband Mike (behind the camera) and Jennifer also each run their own businesses. Mike restores classic cars and Jennifer operates a vintage clothing store. They continue to work as volunteer EMTs in their community and Mike is also one of the assistant fire chiefs of our city fire department.  They spend our spare time with our close knit church family and they go camping as often as they can.  Articles in This Edition    • Emergency Brain    • Preparing for Emergencies with a One-Page Snapshot    • Emergency Tips from an EMT    • Hurricanes, Tornadoes, Fires, and Floods OH MY!    • Emergency Preparedness During Travel    • 10 Strategies for Finding Nurses  Facebook Comments  Share this page:    • Tweet   • Email   • Print   • More   • Share on Tumblr   • Reddit Copyright 2020 Complex Child Magazine | All Rights Reserved | Contact Us | Privacy Policy The information on these pages is not a substitute for appropriate medical care. Please contact your child's physicians before making any changes in your child's care. Complex Child is for research purposes only and does not constitute medical advice. FacebookXEmail Page load link    Loading Comments...        Go to Top
__label__cc   • Red Oak Logo Cornerstone of Recovery   • The Willows Stepping Stone to Recovery Verify Insurance Call: 865.509.9352   • Home   • Our Approach       • About Us       • Our Campus       • Locations   • Recovery Programs     • Recovery Programs     • Substance Use Treatments     Our Programs     • Residential Rehab Program     • Medical Detox Program     • Outpatient Program     • Partial Hospitalization Program     • Alumni Program     Specialty Programs     • Employee Assistance Program     • Healthcare Professionals     • Addiction Treatment for Veterans     • Legal & Business Professionals     • Railroad Professionals     • Aviation Professionals     • Alcohol Addiction     • Fentanyl Addiction     • Opioid Addiction     • Medication-Assisted Treatment   • Admissions       • Admission Process       • Insurance Information       • Risk Assesments   • Resources       Learn & Recovery Insights       • Our Blog       • Frequently Asked Questions       • Recovery Stories       • Events & Webinars       Care & Support Services       • Referring Providers       • Emergency Consultation Services       • Addiction Treatment for Veterans       • Legal & Business Professionals   • Contact       • Careers at Cornerstone       • Free, Confidential Consultations         Speak with a recovery advisor 24/7 Call: 865.509.9352     • Cornerstone of Recovery Logo Cornerstone of Recovery     • Stepping Stone to Recovery Logo Stepping Stone to Recovery     Our Treatments offering     • Recovery Programs     • Substance Use Treatments     • Home     • Our Approach         • About Us         • Our Campus         • Locations     • Admissions         • Admission Process         • Insurance Information         • Risk Assesments     • Resources         Learn & Recovery Insights         • Our Blog         • Frequently Asked Questions         • Recovery Stories         • Events & Webinars         Care & Support Services         • Referring Providers         • Emergency Consultation Services         • Addiction Treatment for Veterans         • Legal & Business Professionals     • Contact         • Careers at Red Oak         • Free, Confidential Consultations           Speak with a recovery advisor 24/7 Call: 865.509.9352     Back to Menu     Recovery Programs         Our Programs         • Residential Rehab Program         • Medical Detox Program         • Outpatient Program         • Partial Hospitalization Program         • Alumni Program         Specialty Programs         • Employee Assistance Program         • Healthcare Professionals         • Addiction Treatment for Veterans         • Legal & Business Professionals         • Railroad Professionals         • Aviation Professionals     Substance Use Treatments         • Alcohol Addiction         • Fentanyl Addiction         • Opioid Addiction         • Medication-Assisted Treatment Addiction Treatment in Knoxville, TN – Cornerstone of Recovery  Addiction Treatment in Knoxville, TN – Cornerstone of Recovery   • Treatment Programs       • Treatment Programs         • Inpatient / Residential program         • Detox         • Outpatient         • PHP Program         • Alcohol Addiction Treatment         • Fentanyl Addiction Treatment         • Opioid Addiction Treatment         • Medication-Assisted Treatment       • Specialty Programs         • Employee Assistance Program         • Healthcare Professionals         • Addiction Treatment for Veterans         • Legal and Business Professionals         • Railroad Professionals         • Aviation Professionals         • Young Adults       • Free, Confidential Consultations       • Speak with a recovery advisor 24/7       • Call Now   • Admissions       • Admissions Information         • Admission Process         • Insurance Information         • Risk Assessments         • Emergency Consultation Services         • Frequently Asked Questions       • Free, Confidential Consultations       • Speak with a recovery advisor 24/7       • Call Now   • Resources       • Education       • Addiction And Recovery Articles       • Events and Webinars       • Additional Resources       • For Referring Providers       • Emergency Consultation Services       • Employer Services       • Professional Development       • For Families & Loved Ones       • Patient Message Form       • Frequently Asked Questions   • Who We Are       • About Cornerstone of Recovery       • Who we Are       • Explore Our Campus       • Locations       • Recovery Stories       • Careers       • Referring Providers       • Alumni       • Free, Confidential Consultations       • speak with a recovery advisor 24/7       • Call Now CALL: 865-509-9352 Get Help Now: 865-509-9352  alcoholic veterans  Addiction and alcoholism treatment for veterans at Cornerstone of Recovery  January 17, 2020 Read More  Cornerstone and veterans: meeting the recovery needs of our nation’s heroes  May 24, 2019 Read More Logo  Need to talk?  call Us Now   • Residential Rehab   • Outpatient Rehab   • Detox   • Careers   • FAQs  Cornerstone of Recovery, 4726 Airport Hwy Louisville, TN 37777  865-509-9352  Follow us  Bradford Health Services Logo Legit Script Gold Seal Image Legit Script © 2026 Cornerstone of Recovery Addiction Treatment in Knoxville, TN - Cornerstone of Recovery |   • Legal Terms of Use   • Notice of Privacy Practices   • Cookie Privacy Policy   • Priority Access and Outreach   • SMS Privacy   • Terms & Conditions   • Good Faith Estimates
__label__cc US EUROPE AFRICA ASIA 中文   • HOME   • CHINA   • WORLD   • BUSINESS   • LIFESTYLE   • CULTURE   • TRAVEL   • SPORTS   • OPINION   • REGIONAL   • FORUM Business / Industries   • Economy   • Policy Watch   • China Data   • Companies   • Markets   • Industries   • View   • Motoring   • Tech   • Green China  China surpasses Korean shipbuilding industry  By Zhong Nan (chinadaily.com.cn) Updated: 2014-07-31 15:19 Comments Print Mail Large Medium Small  All three main indicators of China's shipbuilding industry have surpassed South Korea in the past two years and pose a big threat to its shipyards, according to a report issued by Korea Institute of Industrial Technology on Wednesday.  China's new ship orders, output and ongoing orders accounted for more than 30 percent of the world's total shipbuilding business in 2013. The global share of South Korean shipbuilding sector is lower than its Chinese rival, said the Cheonan-based South Korean government research institute report.  China has taken more market share in the world's maritime engineering product market to build more offshore drilling platforms, offshore wind power devices, maritime crane ships and dredgers.  The nation's shipyards and heavy industries earned $24.5 billion from this high-end market in 2013, about 30 percent higher than Korean shipbuilding industry.  After securing the technology of building liquified natural gas carriers in 2008, China is currently building the world's first compressed natural gas carrier in Qingdao, which has been ordered this month by Pelayaran Bahtera Adhiguna, a State-owned Indonesian company.  China surpasses Korean shipbuilding industry  China surpasses Korean shipbuilding industry   2M alliance charts ships' new course Top 10 global shipping centers  Related Stories   • Fancy a ride? Hop into China's 3D printed boat!   • China's largest 3D printer builds 2-meter-long boat   • Zhoushan intl boat show under way   • Smaller shipyards to be put into drydock China Economy By Numbers China Economy by Numbers - Dec   China Economy by Numbers - Nov   Newsmaker Can Asia retell Mass Flourishing?   Fresh approach brings rewards   • Most Viewed   • Today's Top News   • IMF says China property sector poses near-term growth risks   • China July official PMI seen hitting eight-month high   • Yum says China food safety scare hurting KFC, Pizza Hut sales   • Samsung Electronics' Q2 profit drops   • Yangshan improves its investment climate   • Microsoft probe nothing more than routine   • Merchants gear up for Chinese Valentine's Day   • Safety checks on high-speed trains strengthened in Jinan Hot Topics Fiat SpA Peugeot SA Taxi app Internet finance Housing price Disneyland 12306.cn WeChat  Editor's Picks Brands caught in food safety scandals     Top 10 underwriters in China     Tycoons invited to govt headquarters     Qoros cars keep improving     Specials  Experts decipher latest growth numbers  Delivering on promise of reform, growth  GDP: Everything you always wanted to know  ... Media : | State Administration of Foreign Experts Affairs|QQ International|Peopleforum|workercn.cn| Partners : | State Administration of Foreign Experts Affairs|QQ International|Peopleforum|workercn.cn| Portals : | www.chinaso.com|Sina|Sohu|Tencent| Organizations : | China US Focus|FrenCham|CPAFFC|Gov.cn|eBeijing|AmCham| ... | About China Daily | Advertise on Site | Contact Us | Job Offer |  Copyright 1995 - . All rights reserved. The content (including but not limited to text, photo, multimedia information, etc) published in this site belongs to China Daily Information Co (CDIC). Without written authorization from CDIC, such content shall not be republished or used in any form. Note: Browsers with 1024*768 or higher resolution are suggested for this site.  License for publishing multimedia online 0108263             Registration Number: 20100000002731      
__label__cc CRAN Package Check Results for Package WaveletGBM  Last updated on 2026-03-05 03:52:09 CET.  Flavor Version Tinstall Tcheck Ttotal Status Flags r-devel-linux-x86_64-debian-clang 0.1.0 16.72 129.80 146.52 OK r-devel-linux-x86_64-debian-gcc 0.1.0 10.04 91.17 101.21 OK r-devel-linux-x86_64-fedora-clang 0.1.0 25.00 195.90 220.90 OK r-devel-linux-x86_64-fedora-gcc 0.1.0 25.00 187.59 212.59 OK r-devel-macos-arm64 0.1.0 4.00 29.00 33.00 OK r-devel-windows-x86_64 0.1.0 16.00 120.00 136.00 OK r-patched-linux-x86_64 0.1.0 14.82 120.00 134.82 OK r-release-linux-x86_64 0.1.0 13.82 120.27 134.09 OK r-release-macos-arm64 0.1.0 OK r-release-macos-x86_64 0.1.0 9.00 98.00 107.00 OK r-release-windows-x86_64 0.1.0 17.00 117.00 134.00 OK r-oldrel-macos-arm64 0.1.0 OK r-oldrel-macos-x86_64 0.1.0 8.00 65.00 73.00 OK r-oldrel-windows-x86_64 0.1.0 22.00 154.00 176.00 OK
__label__cc Creative Biz Rebellion Podcast   • HOME   • ABOUT THE REBELS   • EPISODES   • SUBSCRIBE   • SUPPORT   • BLOG     • Creative Rebels     • Etsy     • Online Shop     • Creative Inspiration   • CREATIVE REBEL BASE   • CONTACT     • JOIN OUR FACEBOOK GROUP Select Page  IMG_1880  Feb 20, 2017 | 0 comments  Submit a Comment Cancel reply  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *  I accept the Privacy Policy  JOIN THE REBELLION  JOIN THE REBELLION  Check out our episodes every week that filter through the crap to help you totally rock your product based biz!  Haute Stock  Caroline Creates Hello World Paper Co. Kelly Parker Smith ShipStation   • HOME   • ABOUT THE REBELS   • BLOG   • SAY HELLO   • PRIVACY POLICY   • CREATIVE REBEL BASE   • SUPPORT THE PODCAST © Creative Biz Rebellion 2018  We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.  You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in .  Creative Biz Rebellion Podcast Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview  This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.  You can adjust all of your cookie settings by navigating the tabs on the left hand side.  Strictly Necessary Cookies  Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
__label__cc Einloggen » Neuer Benutzer? Jetzt anmelden!  Dein erstes Forum » /www.cheapparissaintgermainshop.com    • Forum Übersicht   • Login   • Registrieren Ich helfe dir ;) » Herzlich Willkommen! » Dein erstes Forum » /www.cheapparissaintgermainshop.com Themen-Einstellungen Thema drucken #1 | /www.cheapparissaintgermainshop.com datum05.12.2018 03:19 Zhuyeqing Informationen anzeigen Beiträge:150 Registriert seit:04.12.2018  Couple massage allows partner to experience massage together in the same area as one therapist work on each person. It is one of the hottest in spa hotels Cheap Andrea Romagnoli Jersey , this spa therapy is done in a lock room to provide full privacy so that the couples can enjoy a lot not only massage but more than that, many bath therapy are present in the hotels, <" http:www.thebvispa "> facial in virgin gorda therapy Cheap Alisson Jersey , body wraps and much more.  Couples choose the spa hotels by selecting various facilities they offer. Spa hotels offers luxurious rooms, dining facility including best dinner and lunch, outside pool and beach facility Cheap Alessandro Florenzi Jersey , celebration and parties. Spa package include all these facility and also in affordable prices.  Couple massages setup-  Couple massage takes place in a wine and also touch of fireplace to add cozier environment in the massage room. Also the washrooms are single room, at the spa hotels or resorts where the massage facility is available. The room is large enough to and should not feel shy or uncomfortable at the time of massage. Massage provide the used for health based therapies on the use of fully body parts massages experience and also a great way to relax them. Spa hotels offers accommodate two separate massage beds. Couples lie down and at the same time massage therapist come and offer individual massage to the loved ones.  Relax- with all natural aromatherapy blend of lavender, sweet orange offers de stress experience.  Breath- through blend of rosemary Cheap Aleksandar Kolarov Jersey , myrtle and citrus you can breathe deeply and feels fresher.  Energize- with all natural blend of rosemary, sage and basil you can rejunavate your senses.  Beyond the physical benefits couple massage offers a great time to be closer to your loved ones. Room is decorated with roses, glass of available with the hot tub bath Cheap Abdullahi Nura Jersey , steam shower where couples can spend time together and nobody disturbs them in their room.  Aromatherapy massage for couples-  Aromatherapy is the use of plant oil. Aromatherapy relaxes tight and tense muscles and facilities stimulation of lymph and blood circulation. Aromatherapy massage is a great matter of experience. It uses essential oils which help in skin beauty also.  The massage therapist select alleviates physical and physiological disorders. They work two ways through massage and skin absorption. Used of fully services of massage treatments, and effects of aromatherapy oils vary; aromatherapy can help you achieve state of mind that are solution of all the related information and give the fully massage cover all of the body, stress reducing Replica AC Milan Jerseys , balancing etc. one of the common oil which is to stress related conditions and emotionally related conditions.  Precautions –  • Don’t massage on the infectious skin, open wounds. • Immediately after the surgery. • If you have heart disease contacts doctor. • Don’t take heavy meal before the massage.  Thus couple aromatherapy massage is a great way to be relaxed and feel the love. Massage are experienced together they can talk in between the massage and remain close as they are in there room. Spa hotels offer great services to the couples and couple massage is the popular spa therapy now a days.   Funky Christmas Ping-Pong baubles are simply made from Ping-Pong balls. There are five different designs you could make a Christmas pudding, a Christmas Robin Custom AC Milan Jerseys , a sprig of holly, a sparkly bauble or an apple.  To make Christmas Ping-Pong Baubles you will need... Ping-Pong balls, poster paint Authentic AC Milan Jerseys , glitter, scraps of card, PVA glue AC Milan Jerseys For Sale , twigs, and Parcel ribbon to make hanging loops.  To start with you will need to make a ball stand to top the Ping-Pong balls from rolling around as you work on them. Cut a piece f card about 7cm by 2 cm and wind it around a pencil to make it curl. Unroll and bring the two ends of the card so that hey meet and staple them together. This is the ball stand.  The Glitter Bauble Paint the Ping-Pong ball in any colour you choose. Metallic colours look great. Leave the paint to dry.  Using a corkscrew gently push a hole in to the top of the ball. Take a length of parcel ribbon and fold it in half to make a loop. Fold the ends length ways a little, this helps when feeding the ribbon into the hole.  Cover the top half of the ball and the hole with PVA glue. Push the ribbon inside the ball leaving a hanging loop sticking out. Sprinkle the top of the ball with glitter and set aside to dry.  The Christmas Pudding Bauble Paint the Ping-Pong ball brown and leave to dry.  Add a dollop of thick white paint to the top of the ball and spread around a little to look like cream or brandy sauce. Allowing the edges to dribble adds to the effect. Leave to dry.  Cut out two small holly leaves from scraps of green card. Glue the leaves to the top of the Christmas pudding add three or four blobs of red paint for berries.  Make a hole in the top of the Christmas pudding and glue into the hole a hanging loop as before.  The Holly Bauble Paint the Ping-Pong ball red and allow to dry.  Make a hole in the top of the ball.  Cut out a large holly leaf from green card. Make a fold down the middle of the leaf. At the base of the leaf add some PVA glue and push the end of the holly leaf and some hanging ribbon into the hole. Allow to dry.  The Apple Bauble You may be wondering why an apple if festive. If you cut an apple in half around its equator Cheap AC Milan Jerseys , it will reveal to you its star of Bethlehem.  Paint half of the Ping-Pong ball red and the other half green and leave to dry.  Push a hole i. Wholesale Jerseys From China Wholesale NCAA Jerseys From China Wholesale NBA Jerseys Free Shipping Wholesale College Jerseys Wholesale Authentic Jerseys Cheap NCAA Jerseys Free Shipping Cheap NBA Jerseys Wholesale Wholesale Cheap Soccer Jerseys Cheap Jerseys China Wholesale NFL Football Jerseys Antworten nach oben springen nach oben springen www.cheapsoccerjerseysasroma.com » « www.cheapsoccerjerseysintermilan.com   • Datenschutzerklärung   • FAQ   • Mitgliederliste   • Wer ist Online?   Xobor Einfach ein eigenes Forum erstellen | ©Xobor.de Datenschutz
__label__cc Instagram Email Facebook (520) 612-7056 | Email | Member Login Try a Free Class   • How to Join   • About     • Vision, Mission, Core Values     • Meet Our Coaches   • Programs     • CrossFit     • Fondations     • Competitor Training     • Olympic Weightlifting     • CrossFit Teens     • Personal Training     • Nutrition Coaching     • CrossFit Kids Camp   • Schedule     • Schedule – Tucson     • Schedule – North     • Events   • Rates   • WOD   • Contact   • Drop Ins / Visitor   • How to Join   • About     • Vision, Mission, Core Values     • Meet Our Coaches   • Programs     • CrossFit     • Fondations     • Competitor Training     • Olympic Weightlifting     • CrossFit Teens     • Personal Training     • Nutrition Coaching     • CrossFit Kids Camp   • Schedule     • Schedule – Tucson     • Schedule – North     • Events   • Rates   • WOD   • Contact   • Drop Ins / Visitor  CrossFit Class 9/12  11 Sep / 0 Comments / WOD  CrossFit Class 9/12  AMRAP in 4 minutes  4 ALT DB Hang Squat Snatch 50/35  6 Lateral Burpees over DB  8/6 Cal bike  Rest 2 minutes and repeat for 5 sets  crossfit Share Post: digg-share facebook-share google-share linked-share my-space-share pinterest-share reddit-share stumble-upon-share CrossFit Class 9/11 CrossFit Class 9/13 CrossFit 646 © All Rights Reserved CrossFit Website Design By Sitefit
__label__cc Redirect Notice  The previous page is sending you to https://pensiuneacoral.ro/fr.php?cid=30&kys=tailleur%20jupe%20crayon%20pour%20mariage&g=9.   If you do not want to visit that page, you can return to the previous page.
__label__cc Redirect Notice  The previous page is sending you to https://www.bearsandbulls.nl.   If you do not want to visit that page, you can return to the previous page.
__label__cc FSKTM Booking Management Room Booking System Help Admin Report Form Search: Unknown user User list  Areas    • Block A   • Block B   • Block C   • ICT   • Kenderaan August 2019 Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat         1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 September 2019 Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30           October 2019 Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat     1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31      Friday 20 September 2019  << Go To Day Before Go To Today Go To Day After >> Time: Bilik Kuliah 1(35) Bilik Kuliah 2 (35) Bilik Kuliah 3(35) Dewan Abdul Azim(180) Makmal Kerja Kursus(15) Bilik Mesyuarat A(15) Putra Future Classroom Ruang Legar Blok A Bilik Seminar A(30) 08:00 New New New New New Mesyuarat Pengurusan FUTURE CLASSROOM New New 09:00 KELAS GANTI SSK4508 New KELAS GANTI SSK3100 New New New New 10:00 New New New New New 11:00 New New New New New New 12:00 New New New New New New New 13:00 New New New New New New New New 14:00 New New New New New New New New 15:00 New SSE3304 (K1) New Perjumpaan dekan dengan staf New New New New 16:00 New New New New New New 17:00 New New New New New New New KULIAH 18:00 SSK 5980 (MIS) SKR 5308 SSK 5504 SSK5090 (G-2) New New New SSE 5304 19:00 New New New 20:00 New New New New 21:00 New New New New New New 22:00 New New New New New New New New << Go To Day Before Go To Today Go To Day After >> ICT Public Holiday External Internal View Day: 14 Sep | 15 Sep | 16 Sep | 17 Sep | 18 Sep | 19 Sep | [ 20 Sep ] | 21 Sep | 22 Sep | 23 Sep | 24 Sep | 25 Sep | 26 Sep | 27 Sep View Week: 18 Aug | 25 Aug | 01 Sep | 08 Sep | [ 15 Sep ] | 22 Sep | 29 Sep | 06 Oct | 13 Oct View Month: Jul 2019 | Aug 2019 | [ Sep 2019 ] | Oct 2019 | Nov 2019 | Dec 2019 | Jan 2020 | Feb 2020 | Mar 2020
__label__cc LogoCustom Cursors Install Extension HomeCursorsUpdatesCollectionsVIP ClubBonusesAI Generator SupportAbout Us  User  Welcome!    2. Collections   3. Castle Crashers   4. Castle Crashers Custom Cursor Pack Castle Crashers Custom Cursor Pack Castle Crashers  Castle Crashers Custom Cursor Pack  (1,283) 4,738 downloads  Castle Crashers Custom Cursor Pack with playful Peasant character  Share  Preview  All Default Pointer  About this Cursor  All Introducing the Castle Crashers Custom Cursor Pack, featuring an adorable Peasant character as your Windows cursor. This fanart-inspired cursor pack is perfect for gamers and art enthusiasts who love to add a touch of whimsy to their digital world. The Peasant character, with its non-elemental magical attacks and starting weapon, the Wooden Spoon, adds a playful twist to your cursor collection. Inspired by the popular game Castle Crashers' color palette, this pack will surely become a favorite among creative users looking for unique cursors. Interestingly, the Peasant was an essential member of medieval farming communities and often played a crucial role in historical events.  Chrome Extension  Quick access right from your browser.  Install for free  Windows Client  Desktop app for your PC.  Download  Popular Collections  All Adopt Me!  Adopt Me!  'Adopt Me!': A vibrant collection of Windows and browser custom cursors.  12 cursors Adventure Time  Adventure Time  Dive into Adventure Time's curated collection of playful cursors for Windows & browsers!  12 cursors Among Us  Among Us  Discover Among Us Cursor Packs Collection - Customizable Cursors for Windows and Browsers  12 cursors  Trending Now  All Starter Pixel Perfection Cursor Pack  Pixel Perfection Cursor Pack  5,263,582 4.8 Memes Pop Cat Cursor Pack  Pop Cat Cursor Pack  4,296,836 4.0 Web Media Custom Cursor Pack for Windows  Custom Cursor Pack for Windows  2,808,613 4.3 Neon Custom Neon Axolotl Cursor Pack  Custom Neon Axolotl Cursor Pack  2,313,702 4.0 Starter Custom Cursor Paint Stains  Custom Cursor Paint Stains  1,536,261 4.6 Minimal Style Cute Cursor Pack: Underwater Adventure  Cute Cursor Pack: Underwater Adventure  1,424,658 4.1 Starter Neon Halo Custom Cursor Pack  Neon Halo Custom Cursor Pack  1,221,481 4.8 Neon Custom Cute Dolphin Cursor Pack  Custom Cute Dolphin Cursor Pack  1,206,465 4.4 Starter Cute Cursor TV Antenna Pack  Cute Cursor TV Antenna Pack  1,174,698 4.8 Among Us Cute Cursor Pack - Among Us Snowman Hat  Cute Cursor Pack - Among Us Snowman Hat  1,136,394 4.8 Among Us Custom Among Us Enderman Cursor Pack  Custom Among Us Enderman Cursor Pack  1,116,563 4.1 Marvel Comics Cosmic Cursor Pack  Cosmic Cursor Pack  1,095,976 4.7  Chrome Extension  Instant access to all cursors directly in your browser.  Cursor Windows Client  Free Windows desktop app for customizing and managing your cursors  VIP PROGRAM  Unlock exclusive rewards with the Custom Cursors VIP Program  Make a Donation  My Collection  Custom Cursors Planet  Custom Cursors  All content on this website is fan-made. All product names, logos, characters, brands, and trademarks are the property of their respective owners.  Navigation    • Home   • All Cursors   • Collections   • Tags   • Search   • Updates   • FAQ   • Blog  Tools    • Create Cursor   • Customizer  Downloads    • Chrome Extension   • Windows App   • Leave a Review  © 2026 CursorPlanet. All rights reserved.  About UsContactTerms of UsePrivacy PolicyCookie PolicyDisclaimerDMCA Cursor | Custom Cursors Planet
__label__cc slotjp555.online - dewa6d ratutogel bdtoto armada777 gengtoto goltogel togelup dingdongtogel hometogel udintogel jonitogel toto168 indratogel fiatogel patihtoto lunatogel togelon oppatoto yoktogel yowestogel protogel dingdong casino indrabet line poker ziatogel mariatogel slotjpdelta.online - slotjp666.online - slotjp7788.online - slotjp808.online - slotjp999.online - linkslotwin222.online - link gaming --bts(betslot88) mahjongwa230.online - linktoto678.online - linkgacor677.online - mahkotata123.site - bento4jpmax.online - bentoslot237.online - bento4dok.online - bento177bet.space - batmanwin232.online - indoslot88maxjp.world - indoslot353.online - rtpmantul108.online - slotgacormahjong.com - slotgac0rmahjong.online - slotjpabadislot.online - mahkota388.online - situszeuswin123.online - slotgacor091.space - slotjpplaywin123.online - slotprincess108.online - slotscatterhitam.online - slot888super.online - slot116.com - slotmicrostar88s.online - slotjpsloto.online - vip555jp.online - vip550jp.online - vip898slot.online - scatter189slot.site - scatterhitam88.online - slotmantap188.online - slot gaming --on(rajadewa138) link gacor --login(rajadewa138) situs gaming --depo(rajadewa138) olympusgacor77.online - olympus01gacors.site - olympus234win.online - slot gacor rajadewa138-- slotdepo666.online - link gaming -- resmi 77raja pro linkmenang789.online - linkhokivip888.online - linkslot513.site - linkaman199.online - badak1799.site - badakwin171.online - badak1787win.site - badak117hoki.online - badak1782win.site - badak999slot.pro - slotviptoto282.online - slotvip 717.online+- slotvip 878.online+- mahjongjepe899.online - mahjong911slot.com - mahjong338win.online - mahjongslot99wd.world - mahjong865.online - mahjongslot77wd.world - mahjongslot99wd.world - mahjong slot 188.online- mahjong877.online - mpo175slot.online - mpo125.online - mpo221bet.online - slotwede168.online - slotwede111.online - slotmahjong618.online - slotmahjong111.online - slotmahjong123.online - mahkota111.online - slotsah11.online - alexistoto779.site - alexis788win.online - alexistoto779wd.site - alexis301win.online - alexistogel79win.online - rajabandito188win.online - rajabandotslot77.online - rajabandot811.online - rajabandot77ori.online - rajabandar303.online - rajabandot23.online - slot gacor --slot(suria88) judiwin771.online - judimacantoto.online - judislot181win.online - judionlineduren777bet.space - judimaxwin789.online - judionlineduren777jp.space -jep- judigacor808.online - judislot11win.online - judi slot88 resmi.online- judislot128max.online - judislot21.online - jackpot108wd.online - slotqq909.online - slotdelta79jp.online - slotmega567.online - congtogel799.online - congtogel18.online - congtogel77slot.online - slotmpopelangi.online - slot988vip.online - slot988pg.online - parlay855jp.online - slotplay111.online - indoslot313.online - indoslot898.online - dewi118go.work - dewi113jepe.site - dewi113w.site - hokiwin707.online - slotabadislot.online - slotpragmatic969.online - depo77.info -login megawin868.online - megawahero788.online - megalangit788.online - mega155.online - megawahguci788.online - merdeka21.online - mega133win.online - megawin877.online - megawahok788.online - megaslot818.online - megagacor118.online - mpo777ole.online - mpo187.online - mpo777gacor.online - mpo222play.online - mposlot79.world - mpo997.site - toto108.online - toto884.store - maxwinguci788.online - maxwin slot 999.online- maxwinsloto138.site - maxwin1389.store - maxwin71apk.online - maxwinbet11.online - pgsoft123gacor08.online - pgsoft77mahjong.space - pgsoft808main.online - slotgacor666.online - betwin82.online - link-ceritafilm.com - linkpgslot818.online - slot gaming --rajadewa138(mobile) slotgacorqq12.online - slotnusa456.online - slotzeus168.online - slotbonus515.online - slotqq707.com -won slothobicuan88.online - slotzeuspw123.online - slotolympus808.online - slottotoslot100.com - situslowin79.online - situstkw99.online - slotnewtoto282.online - slotdelta138win.online - slotdewa200new online slotdewa200.com = slotdewa200.online - slotdewa200jaya.online - slotdewa200c.com - slotdewa200e.com - slotdewa200h.com - slotdewa200g.com - slotdewa200k.com - slotdewa200jp com slot108vip.online - slotwin308.online - slot56win.online - dewi112win.online - slottante777.tt777n.fun - slot988win.online - slot988jp.online - slot1001win.online - situsmenyala178.online - slot15took.online - slot98slt.online - slotwinplay123b.online - slotplay666.online - slotwin123.online - slotbelutjp99vip.online - slotwin666.online - slotwin212.online - slotwin180.online - slotwin818.online - situsraja132hoki.online - situssurga909.online - situspg808.online - situs77yukivvip.online - situshoki919.online - situsbelutjp77.online - situscuanjp88.online - olxtoto799.online - olxslototo456.online - maxwin8821.store - olxslot345.online - olxtop79.online - olxslot898.online - olxslototo456.online - olxtoto778.com - olxslot557.online - garuda200play.online - garuda325win.online - garuda922.online - garudawins111.world - situspragmatic789.online - situsgacor697.online - situsgacor111.online - situsmaxwin555.online - situsqq108.online - situspastijepe.online - situsbocoran80.online - situstoto989.online - situsgacor818.online - situsslotresmi168.online - situsgacor678.online - maxwinup788.online - multibet88bb.online - maxwinlv788.online - maxwin92top.online - maxwin303new.online - situsgacor707.online - maxwin222bet.online - situs gaming --pp(rajadewa138) situs gaming --mj(rajadewa138) situs mahjong -wd(nagatoto168) situs gaming -- 138 rajadewa link gacoran --resmi(pphoki.com) link gacoran --138(idrhoki138.com) link.rajadewa138.com - situs mahjong (delta138.com) situs mahjong -wd(asiktoto) situs mahjong -dns(asiktoto) situs mahjong --in(gempa777) situs mahjong --on(gempa777) situs mahjong -gg(7meter) situs mahjong -dns(gempa777) slot gacor x--idrslot138 slot gacor --hondaslot77 slotgacor234.online -o situs--rajadewa138.com -- situsqq69.online - situsboladana.online - link gaming --pg(rajadewa138) link slotransats --yes(rajadewa138) link gacorans -- com rajadewa138 com gacor208.online - gacorqq12.com - link slotmaniak --(nagatoto168) link slotransat --(nagatoto168) situs gaming -- depo rajadewa138 situs slotransa --about(rajadewa138) situs gaming --gp(gempa777) situs gaming -- com idrhoki138 com situs gaming --(pulsa88) situs gaming --one(ligamaster77) situs gaming -- rajadewa138 mobile situs gacorans --yes(nagatoto168) situs gacoranst --777(gempa777.com) situs gacorans --mobile(rajadewa138) situs slotransa --gempa777 situs slotransats --ini(rajadewa138) situs gacoranst --gempa777.org situsslot805.online - situsviral66.online - situsjpdelta.online - link gacorans --com(gempa777) link gaming --resmi(tajirnow.com) situsolympusmaxwin.online - link mpo808.online-- linktoto121.online - linkdepo868.online - linkcuan897.online - linkgcr789.online - linkhokiterus88.online - link gaming --top link gaming --resmi(slot369) link gaming --top(dewazeus33) pragmaticjosbet.online - pragmaticjosbet.online - pragmaticwsg1st.world -o- pg878slot.online - pg823slot.online - link gacorans --sektorplay88.com link gacorans --com(rajadewa138.com) linkgacor121.online - linktoto345.online - linkterbaik123.online - linkterbaik123.online - link+rajadewa138.com -- link gaming -- about rajadewa138 link gaming --pg(surgagg.com) link gaming --pg(tajirnow.com) link gaming --login(raja77.com) link gaming --onl(tajirnow.com) link mahjong --77(depo77) link gaming --resmi(rajadewa138) link gaming --resmi(nagatoto168) link gaming --(gempa777) link gaming -- www raja77 com link gaming --resmi(77raja.pro)a> link gaming --rtp(idrhoki138) link gaming --login(dewazeus33) link gaming --pg(pphoki.com) link gaming --resmi(pphoki.com) link gaming --baru(idrhoki138.com) link gaming --resmi(slot603) link gaming --pg(pragmatic77) link gaming --resmi(rajahoki123) link gaming --on(rajahoki123) link gaming --resmi(galaxy77.com) link game --( rajadewa138 link gacorans --spin(rajadewa138) linkrejeki188.online - linkslotagen108.online - link gacoransta --about(rajadewa138) link gacorans --gempa777.com- link gaming --daftar link gaming --daftar(tajirnow.com) link gaming --resmi(www.pphoki.com) link gaming --now(rajahoki123) link gaming --isototo link gacorans --pg(www.pphoki.com) mawartotojos88.site - mawartogel223.online - mawartotowin11.online - mawartotowin189.online - mawartogel818.online - mawartotowin78.online - mawartoto89.online - mawartoto88.xn-- kokoslot22.online - 99slotgacorin.site - judionlineduren777.space -- judislotpw123.online -- judislot138.online - judionline808.website - juditogel909.online - judislot707.online - judi game --gempa777 judi game sektorplay88 com judijpduren777.space - judislotmaxin88.online - judionline805.online - judimaxwin789.online - slot mahjong --it(asiktoto) slotsah1100.online - slot mahjong --en(gempa777) mahjong -- 💪 com gempa777 slotbelutjp99b.online - slot mahjong --it(rajadewa138.com) slot mahjong --situs(betslot88) slot mahjong --s89(sloto89) slotter88jpmax.online - rtpgacor108.online - slot mahjong --terpercaya(jostoto) slot mahjong --(jostoto) agen108maxwin.online - deluna4depo.online - agen108oke.online - rajawin788.online - ratutogel77bet.online - ratu778win.online - raja132slot.com - rajatoto218.online - bento4dsl0t.online - bento12bet.space - bentoslot233.online - bento4dsl0t.online - judiduren777.space - hondatop89.online - hondatogel898.online - hondatoto23.online - gacor108gas.online - nanastoto78.online - nanastop99.online - rupiahtogel898.online - dewi108.online - wdbos234.online - dewa138jp.com - dewa138uin.com - dewa138ges.com - dewa138map.com - dewa138uki.com - dewa138pon.com - dewa138iue com dewa138eoa com dewa138unj.online - dewa5522.online - pragmatic3388.online - pragmatichoki889.online - pragmaticjosbet.online - pragmatickita988.online - depobosku777.world - aplikasi808jp.online - pragmatic1000win.online - pragmatic898.online - pragmaticgacor77.online - wdbos18slot.online - wdbos178.online - wdbos212gc.online - wdbos78.online - win818gacor.online - winbet799.online - mahjong881.site - mahjong828.online - mahjong911slot.world - mahjong --(gempa777)slot slot mahjong --login(jostoto) slot888zeus01 world slot888gacors.world - slot888mahjong77.world - slot888maxwin1.space - slot888mahjong12.world - slot888maxwin01.space - slot88dar.site - slot88mantap.site - slot888petir.online - win12gacor.online - winhoki787.online - winhoki919.online - winhoki232.online - slot888duren777gac0r.site - slot777mahjong22.world - slot777mahjong11.world - slot777mahjong1.world - slot777matauangslot.org - slot777matauangslot.store - slot777duren777gac0r.online - slot777mahjong2.world - zeusslot218.vip - zeus713.online - zeus138a.online - zeus89slot.online - zeusbet218.net - zeus121win.online - zeus555vip.online - zeuskali988.online - zeus130.site - zeusbet218.net - zeus1387.online - zeustoto345.online - zeuswin333.online - depobos79.online - deposit50jp.online - depobosku131.site - mawartotowin138.online - slot mahjong --tn7(tante777) slot mahjong --rtp(rajadewa138.com) slot mahjong --tt7(tante777) togel666jp.online - togelup898.online - togeljitu88.online - pgsoftgacor1.space - pgslotwin369.com - pgslotwin88.world - pgslot882.site - pg898slot.online - bigwin007.site - big989.online - maxwinhero788.online - slotonline7855.online - maxwin1800slot.online - maxwin8872.online - mahjongjp128.online - mahjongscatter.win - scatterhitam159.online - linkgacor232.online - linkgacor678.online - linkvip88.online - linktogel345.online - linkmaxwin808.online - linkmahjong818.online - linkslot88max.online - link-www.ceritafilm.com - vip991slot.site - link gacoran --138(rajadewa138.com) bigslot789.online - slot gaming --regis(rajadewa138.com) slot777scatterjp.world - slot777macantoto.world - 888slotgacorek.world - 888duren777bet.space - 888slotmahjong11.world - 888enakcuanwd5.world - 888slotgacorin.site - 888situsmaxwin3.online - 888duren777jp.space - 888slotmaxwin1.space - 777slotgacorin.site - slot777pastiaman.online - slot777gac0rwin.online - slot777mahjong33.pro -jep- slot777tokyo.com - 777slotmaxwin3.space - 777slotgacor.online - 777enakcuanwd5.world - 777jepeduren777.space -jep- 777slotmaxwin3.space - 777situsmaxwin3.online - 777slotmahjong11.world - 777slotmahjong68.world - 777slotgacoran.site - 777slotgacorek.site - slot777gac0rwin.online - slot777mahjong07.world - slot777pastiwdbos.online - slot888gac0rwin.online - slot888scatterwd.world - slot888enakcuaan.world - slot888pastiwdbos.online - slot888bisamaxwin.cyou - slot888kasihjp.com - homebet88f.online - top307.online - top707win.online -gacor- toto705jp.com - toto505.online - 777 --login(duren77) betme88top2.com - pgbet778.site - mahjong --(jostoto)slot mahjong123bet.art - mahjongw3bs.site - mahjong pulsa88-login mahjong --situs(jostoto) mahjongslot789.world - mahjong --💪com(gempa777) mahjong337.online - betwin38.online - agen108d.online - agen108link.online - olympus818win.online -s olympus911slot.site -x500 olympus789win online olympusgame486.online -p olympuszeus88.online - koitoto777ri.online - koitoto889.world - koitoto79 online -- koitoto223.online - 7777w kiryuu dementoto ladangtoto2 66kbet jpslot qqalfa mewahbet infini88 iglookup slot88 slot77 gudang slot77 slot77 prada4d slot77 login slot77 slot21 surga slot77 ninja slot77 bintang slot77 seven slot77 slot asia 365 slot asia slot asia bet slot asia 365 login dana slot asia slot toto bet365dk slot pulsa slot pulsa tanpa potongan miya4d bri4d bri4d login bri4d slot bri4d login alternatif bri4d togel bri4d link alternatif nagatoto rejekibet angkanet pascol4d pascol4d login pascol4d slot login pascol4d 4d login pascol4d togel pascol4d 4d link alternatif sule4d watitoto wd yuk ovogg congtogel congtogel login congtogel link alternatif congtogel link congtogel alternatif congtogel login alternatif congtogel slot rtp congtogel slot gacor --a1(haha303a1) slot gacor --daftar(haha303-ku) 12shio casibom sonic88 sonic88 login demo slot pragmatic link slot pragmatic mitosbet demo slot pragmatic maxwin demo slot pragmatic play slot pragmatic slot pragmatic demo bca4d bca4d login bni4d slot gacor malam ini terbaru link slot gacor malam ini situs slot gacor malam ini slot gacor malam ini demo slot pg demo slot pg soft demo slot pg gratis akun demo slot pg slot pg demo demo slot pg soft mahjong slot pg soft dadu13 westmanga anoboy slot togel 88 slot togel casibom giriåÿ raja cheat rabbit 777 rabbit 777 wap rabbit 777 login rabbit 777 link alternatif rabbit 777 apk rabbit 777 daftar nolimit city aniwatch inatogel bp77 rp888 rp777 deposlot klik4d jalalive shinigami idn slot slot777 live hk jos889 live draw sdy live draw sgp live draw hk live draw macau slot online togel online.com togel sgp togel hk togel cambodia.com togel sgp.com syairsdy.com totomacau.com xnxx com colok sgp anime hentai live draw live macau mahazeus slot bri slot qris slot bca slot bet 200 pola maxwin slot demo pola jackpot slot gacor slot gacor maxwin link gacor slot45 harta500 we88 kingmahazeus alphaslot777 sevenslot777 eurotogel olo4d bosjoko grandbet88 togelup wdbos depobos hemat138 okta388 qq333bet daun77 topcer88 gta777 cpgtoto agen89 kursi777 boy303 ego777 lunar778 mpo2888 qqslot qqslot777 pay4d ojol77 bgibola mewahtoto indobet hitamslot totalwla api288 bigsloto komiku bighoki ajo89 mpocash amantoto langkahcurang taringbet king177 los303 langit88 11bola ibu4d padi777 hboslot jualtoto xoxe88 gacoanbet fun4d kaptenmpo megavip jasabola hoktoto fokus77 aladdin666 idcash indolottery88 mancingduit pulitoto puli toto mpo222 mpo1212 mpo2121 mpo121 mpo212 jokerbet nowgoal hydako mpotower hokibet microstar88 rajabola88 tante4d ojek4d indoslot ladangmpo mpoid mpo800 mpo100 mpo007 mpogacor rajampo suletoto sule toto barunatoto camar444 koko288 flokitoto evohoki jejuslot tarikwdku88 idn poker slot88 resmi situs togel toto togel toto slot toto 4d togel online togel 4d latoto mpo77 danatoto gajah77 dolar168 starbet77 pandawa138 zet77 kingbet88 peri909 aladin88 liga303 sitools88 mpojuta hakim77 spbo jet777 mino4d koko333 batman123 maxpro88 mami188 login tanah4d bagong88 impian888 slotonline tektok4d mpo69 slotresmi partner4d manja88 pasukan99 tools367 dayang4d dewabet138 hormat88 bumi33 royalbet royal51 pairbet walet789 sultan99 menara88 subur89 joker555 zona138 saranatogel slotgopay 888win slotqq superspin555 qqzeus solo4d 4dtogel 88asia superwd 4dasia qq88 pintu4d qq888 bettogel capit4d bolasiar badai4d asia118 mbo777 big365 asoka88 juragan69 suhu189 suhu69 suhutoto klikslot olx888 premanslot sakti123 mangaku mt777 jp777 mpo99 asia4d dewa4d star777 jp88 188bet gacor4d slot303 megawin dewi78 unyil4d lawu88 asiaslot dewa99 slot99 bos4d agen188 aha4d starslot cuanslot situs4d pasarbaris win888 win777 dragon77 indowin hoki303 gacor303 ladangtoto bet188 slotcuan boom88 agen88 rtpslot viral4d jp4d 100togel usernesia score808 manhwaindo gacor888 airbet tokowin99 viobet pragmatic77 8id geng88 gokil303 grand77 xxtoto mild88 dewaasia boss88 indomaster88 wadah4d cuan368 bolapelangi slot resmi88 capsa777 bd138 bangkok777 auratoto atom777 sasaranjitu bet888 rajakoi redmitoto mega228 megawin228 sgp777 surga500 depobos88 imbagacor bet365 sarjanaslot gobertoto paritoto qq1221 dosentoto rajaburma88 ago303 joker123 joker4d vivototo rajamahjong raja mahjong slot mahjong mabartoto mabarjp musicallydown musicallydown ig musicallydown fb hot51 savefrom ig yandex eu situs888 macanwin nanastoto linetogel pkv games 10 rajadewa qq1212 situs 888 sv388 gasing77 bromo777 tokewin kenzo88 rapi88 beton88 pandajp tante77 kuda4d raja4d gacor 4d minion88 dewa333 dewatoto raja paito rajajudi rajajp tangkasnet rajadewa55 padukaraja webini33 delta777 tahu69 hype168 igm247 bosswin ibc4d vantaslot mangjp mega123 inibet77 koi91 atm969 inibet88 dadu online dewa666 surya123 raya123 megapulsa jarwo123 pangkalantoto nagasaon luxury33 naga hitam slot dayak77 yakuza123 slot1131 alexistogel77 bigwin maha zeus sabung ayam idn poker apk slot gacor hari ini slot thailand situs togel 88 situs raffi ahmad situs raffi ahmad gacor situs toto 4d situs toto togel situs togel 4d situs togel terbesar situs togel resmi situs togel terpercaya slot 10k slot depo 10k slot depo 10000 depo 10 bonus 10 depo 20 bonus 20 depo 50 bonus 50 depo 100 bonus 100 big88 padi77 joker88 data hk data sgp data sdy prediksi hk prediksi sgp prediksi sdy mami118 petruk303 petruk 303 budaya303 taksu787 11wbet 33wbet 55tbet 56xbet 66kone 33hbet 66bet 76kbet 66ebet 55kbet 77rabbit 77 rabbit ws168 98tiger pktoto rajaodin sule99 rp8888 rumah258 dontoto haseagaming evos128 taksi4d dollar138 hokimas vipbet ngame11 vip77 oreo 5d jepara4d nagabet nagahoki lotus88 scatter hitam slot inces slot zeus zeus slot qqasia qqasia88 qqbet qqbet333 qq33bet klikvegas bet77 bet88 surga888 pisang77 cuaca77 sasuke788 cuanbet bonus88 olympus888 boswin hoki88 hokibos hoki222 dewi228 koko228 apizeus neko77 raffi77 11winbet bar178 tunai77 mabar138 naga77 naga88 robopragma kudabet betwin88 asia88 dewagacor raja77 raja88 rajawd hamba77 galaxy88 apizeus77 dewanaga dewanaga777 cinta4d ekototo congtoto server toto ziatoto marvel123 gacorbos bet303 gigagaming agen gacor agen bola agen judi paito hk paito sgp paito sdy andara138 mpo play mpo slot mpo gacor mpo asia slot mpo judi mpo mpo pulsa mpo dana 3prizetoto sbo bet88 sbobet88 prediksi cambodia prediksi angka keramat kode syair hk kode syair hk malam ini kode syair hk lotto kode syair sdy kode syair sdy lotto syair hk keraton4d syair sgp keraton4d syair sdy keraton4d syair hk pangkalantoto prediksi hk pangkalantoto syair hk oovin syair sgp oovin syair sdy oovin syair hk omiframe hari ini syair sgp omiframe hari ini syair sdy omiframe hari ini forum syair hk oovin forum syair sgp oovin forum syair sdy oovin data macau 2025 keluaran sgp keluaran hk keluaran sdy slot wso slot pulsa 5000 slot pulsa 5k slot pulsa 10k slot pulsa 10000 slot deposit pulsa tanpa potongan slot ovo slot gopay slot linkaja link slot toto macau 2d toto macau 3d toto macau 4d hongkongpools asli 10 situs togel terpercaya oxplay unogoal slot freebet slot bonus new member slot 4d slot 4d garansi kekalahan demo slot slotdemo slot maxwin slot toto 4d wild bounty slot bandito situs gacor totomacau.com live sgp asiabet88 sky777 asia777 slot gacor 4d slot gacor 777 nexus slot slot mania idnslot dewa slot 999bet topslot agen168 slot121 raja777 77slot slot depo 5k slot 5k pgsoft slot pgsoft mpo terbaru situs mpo 88slot bosslot ada777 tambang88 slot hoki slot princess slot olympus togel macau slot neo bandar slot slot bonanza slot pgsoft bet200 bandar togel agenslot 118bet 123slot 127slot 128slot 12shio2 138bet 138cash 138slot 168bet 168mega 168slot 188slot 188sport 199slot 1xbetcash 234slot 288slot 303bet 338bet 338hero 34togel 369slot 388casino 388slot 396slot bet3d 48togel 555slot 55slot 777akun 777akunslot 777bet 777dragon 777lucky 777luckyslot 777slotlucky 777win 77bet 77hoki 77lucky 77titan 79togel 888dewa 888garuda 888garudaslot 888slot 88toto 88vipbet 88win 899slot 918kiss 999slot 99angpau 99bet 99cash 99hoki 99slot abang303slot abg99 ace88 ace99 ada77 adaslot88 agbola agen123 agen134 agen139 agen999 agen838 agen99 agenslot77 agenslot88 ahha138 ahha77 ahha777 ahha88 ahha99 airslot ajaib168 akarslot777 akaslot88 akong4d aksi4d akun4d akun777 akunbet akuslot aladin188 alam88 alexa88 alexaslot88 alexis77 alfa777 alfabetslot aliansi4d alibaba66 amdbet88 anak69 analisa4d anekaslot99 anggota88 angkacolok angkasa138 angkasa188 angkasa303 angkasa4d angkasa77 angpao99 angpau99 aob303 api4d apik138 apkslot area138 area777 arena168 arena4d arena77 arena777 arena88 arena888 arenampo arenaslot arisan88 arjuna88 arjunaslot asia123 asia138 asia168 asia188 asia365 asia505 asia888 asia98 asiabet138 asiabet33 asiacity138 asialiga asialiga88 asiapoker88 asiaslot99 asiawin asik303 asik777 asik88 asli77 astra88 atlas108 atlas4d aura4d aurampo awal4d ayah77 aztec168 aztec99 babe123 babe99 babeslot bacot4d bacot88 baginda88 balakslot bali138 bali4d bandar138 bandar168 bandar188 bandar367 bandar369 bandar4d bandar666 bandar77 bandar777 bandar855 bandarjp bandarslot bangbona bangjagoslot bangka4d bangkit77 bangkok4d bangkok77 bangsa303 bangsa4d barca77 barcelona4d baronslot88 basah138 batam4d batam88 batara138 bath88 batik4d batik777 batman888 batu4d bca368 bca77 bcaslot88 bebasjudi88 bebek4d bejo4d bejo77 bekasi77 bekasi777 bento138 beres69 beres77 beri88 berkah4d berlian138 berlian77 berlian88 best88 bet10rb bet111 bet123 bet188slot bet356 bet366 bet388 bet5000 bet55 bet999 beta88 betaja88 betasia betbola betdota2 betmen88 betslot777 betslot99 betspin777 betwin888 bibit88 big4d big77 big888 bigbet99 bigbos77 bigboss88 bigslot77 bigslot88 bigwin333slot bigwin77 bigwin88 bigwin99 bigwin999 bima4d bima55 bimabet888 bimaslot bimo4d bingo88 binjai4d bintang77 bintang777 bintang888 bintang99 bioskop303 biru4d biruslot bisa4d bisnis77 black138 black88 bmw88 bni88 boba4d bocah99 bocor168 bogor777 bola123 bola128 bola138 bola188 bola19 bola288 bola303 bola333 bola338 bola4d bola500 bola501slot bola75 bola77 bola777 bola78 bola888 bolagacor88 bolaslot99 bom4d bonanza123 bonanza388 bonanza4d bonanza888 bonus100 bonus123 bonus168 bonus188 bonus228 bonus4d bonus777 bonusslot book4d borneo138 borneo388 borneo88 bos123 bos171 bos188 bos55 bos69 bos777 bos86 bos888 boss688 bosslot168 bosswin138 bosswin188 boy77 bp777 bravo365 bro123 bro168 bro88 bro888 buah777 buah88 bucin138 bucin88 bukti138 bulan4d bulan88 bumi123 bunga4d bunga888 bungaku188 bursa138 bursa88 bursa888 buruemas cafeslot99 cair188 cakar77 candy88 cari138 carihoki carihoki88 carihoki89 cash138 cash88 cash99 casino123 casino138 casino228 casino338 casino368 casino4d casino77 casino777 casino78 casino88 casino99 cawan69 cbo303 cektoto cemara99 ceme88 cepat88 cerdas138 ceri138slot ceri168 ceri338 ceri77 ceri777 ceri88 cerita777 cheatslot cinema77 cinema88 cinta77 cipung88 civic88 ckbet827 club777 cmd777 cmdslot coblos88 cocol138 coin288 coin33 coinmpo covid4d cr7slot crown4d cuan168 cuan4d cuan888 cuan99 cukong77 daduonline daftarslot dagang4d damai4d dana138 dana365 dana888 dana99 danaslot138 dangdut88 dapat77 daun99 davo888 delima4d demo4d demo77 depo4d depo88 depo888 depo99 depo999 depobet99 deposit5000 dermaga4d dermawan88 detik777 dewa118 dewa121 dewa158 dewa168 dewa188 dewa2d dewa368 dewa5000 dewa789 dewa888 dewa88jp dewa991 dewa999 dewa99slot dewabet338 dewabet88 dewabet99 dewacasino88 dewaharum dewahoki77 dewahoki777 dewahoki99 dewajoker dewajudi303 dewajudi4d dewakslot777 dewampo dewaslot168 dewaslot188 dewaslot369 dewaslot4d dewaslot77 dewaslot777 dewaslot888 dewavegas88 dewavegas99 dewawin dewi123 dewi234 dewi500 dewi777 dewibet dewibola88 dewicasino dewislot88 dgslot77 digislot777 dimensi77 dingdong188 dingdong88 dita4d djkasino djr888 dodo4d doge88 doku88 dolar123 dolar303 dolar77 dolar777 dolar888 domino138 domino99 dor4d dora88 dosen77 dota2bet dragon22 dragonqq dragonslot88 dubai88 dubai888 duit138 dukun168 dukun77 dukun777 dukun99 dunia138 dunia33 dunia88 dunia89 duniabet88 duniabet99 duniahoki99 duta123 duta555 duta555slot duta563 duta777 duta88 duta888 dynastibola dynastipoker eagle4d ebet88 edmodo egp138 ehm297 elang4d elang77 elang777 elang88 emas138 emas4d emas88 empbet88 esiabet eternal4d eubet evos77 fafa117 fafa118 fafa77 fafa88 fafafa fafaslot fajar77 fan77bet fanta138 fanta88 fantasi99 fbslot888 festival4d festival88 fifa88 film88 fire88 fit88 fortuna77 fortuna88 fortunabola88 fortune138 fortune88 freebetslot funbet777 gacor131slot gacor168 gacor333 gacor338 gacor365 gacor369 gacor55 gacor555 gacor56 gacor78 gacor787 gacor999 gacorjp gacorslot777 gacorslot88 gadis4d gajah88 galaxy69 galaxybet77 galaxyslot4d galeri55 gambler138 gambler777 gambler88 game777 game88 game888 gamejudi games138 gamewin88 gaming4d gaming77 gaming88 ganas99 garasi777 garuda168 garuda33 garuda338 garuda388 garuda77 garuda777 garuda89 garuda99 garudabet gas123 gas168 gas55 gas88 gasken88 gaspol123 gatotkaca77 gbo138 gbo388 geber4d gebyar138 gebyar77 gebyar777 gelora88 gem138 gem88 gembira123 gembira138 gembira55 gembira777 gembira88 gembira99 gemini4d gemoy69 gendut88 geng76 genting338 genting77 gerhana777 ggbet777 ggbet88 giga77 gila188 gila303 glowing88 glslot goal4d gober368slot gobet88 goblin777 gogame88 gojek303 gokil4d gokil88slot gokong77 gol138 gol777 gold4d golden138 golden188 golden88 goldenbet88 goldwin88 gopay88 goplay77 gorila77 gorila99 gospin138 gospin168 gospin88 grab777 grup89 gta77 gudang123 guru138 guru777 haba88 habanero777 hackerslot hadiah4d hakim138 halo77 halo777 hanabet88 hanoman4d happybet777 happybet99 happyslot88 harga777 harga808 harmoni77 harmoni777 harta4d harta77 harta99 harum138 hashtag4d hebat188 hebat77 hehe303 hehe4d hentai77 hepi88 hepibet hermes88 hero338 hero777 hero88 hero888 hits4d hkb88 hkbvegas hobi555 hobi777 hobi88 hobi88slot hobi99 hobislot hobislot77 hoki133 hoki268 hoki333 hoki338 hoki367 hoki55 hoki805slot hoki888 hoki89 hoki988 hoki999 hokibet138 hokibet368 hokibet77 hokibet777 hokiplay88 hokislot365 hokislot77 hokislot888 hokislot99 holy55 holy77 holybet77 holytoto holywin holywin303 homo4d horse99 hot4d hot777 hoye555 hp138 hujan77 hydro88 hyper77 hyper777 ib88slot ibet138 ibet88 ibok4d ibox88 id777 idcash78 idcoin88 ide77 idn168 idn4d idn4dslot idn77 idn88 idola99 idr138 idr138slot idr188 idr88 idr98 idslot115 ikan4d ikea4d imba89 impian123 impian138 impian99 impianbet impianslot ina4d inaslot indo138 indo247 indo369 indo55 indo787slot indo789 indo88 indo99 indo99bet indobet188 indobet777 indobetklik indojp888 indokasino88 indoslot138 indoslot777 indoslot888 indoslot99 indowin789 infini4d infini88slot ingat889 ini303 ini77 insta88 intan777 interwin138 interwin77 iobbet ion138 ion77 ionwin777 ipk4d iprim138 islot isobet istana123 istana365 istana39 istana77 istana789 istana99 istanabet88 jackpot777 jago188 jago55 jago888 jagoan77 jaguar4d jaguar69 jaguar88 jaguar888 jakarta4d jakarta88 jalan138slot jambul4d janda88 janejinkaisen jangkar77 jangkrik88 jantan168 jantan4d jantan99 java188 java77 java88 jawara27 jawara77 jaya777 jaya88 jaya999 jayaslot jayaslot28 jempol888 jendral138 jendral4d jendral88 jenius777 jet123 jitu123 jitu4d jitu777 jitu89 jituwin jiwa88 jodoh99 join77 join99 joker286 joker288 joker365 joker368 joker678slot joker68 joker688 joker77 joker777 joker789 joker7979 jokerbet88 jokerbola88 jokerwin123 joki77 joki88 jos4dslot jos88 joss4d joswin138 jp123 jp333 jp369 jp77 jpslot168 jpslot188 jpslot77 jpslot777 jpslot888 jpslot99 juara77 juara777 juara88 juara911 juara99 juarabet jubah88 judi138 judi338 judi4d judi55 judi77 judi88 judibro judicuan judimpl judionlen judiresmi88 judislot judol123 judol138 judol4d judol77 judol777 judol88 judol888 judol99 jumbo89 jupiterslot juragan138 juragan178 juragan303 juragan68 juragan777 juragan888 juragan89 juraganslot88 jutawan88 kaisar138 kaisar168 kaisar188 kaisar77 kakap77 kakaslot777 kakek777 kakek99 kakekbet168 kalimantan4d kampung77 kampung777 kamsiabet kancil69 kancil88 kangen77 kapaljudi777 kapten777 kapten88 kapten89 kartu88 karya123 karya123slot kasinoraja katana77 kawan123 kay4d kaya4d kaya88 kdslot77 kdslot88 kebo138 kebun777 kedai77 kejuslot keluarga4d kembang88 kembar77 kenangan123 kenangan138 kenangan77 kenangan777 kenangan88 kentang4d keong4d ketua777 ketuaslot303 kilat4d kilat777slot king123 king123slot king168 king188 king383 king388 king777slot king999slot kingbet99 kingdom138 kingdom777 kingdom88 kinghorse kingkong333 kingplay77 kingslot4d kingslot69 kingslot77 kingslot777 kingslot888 kingslot89 kingslot99 kingtoto4d kingtoto88 kingwin247 kiosgamer kiosslot88 kipas4d kiss88 kita178 kita88 klik77 klik888 klikbet klikbet365 klikslot88 kobel88 kodokmas99 koin168 koin333 koin4d koin77 koin777 koin88 koin888 koinemas88 koko500 komodo777 kong4d konglo88slot kopibet kopibet88 korek88 korek88slot kost777 kost88 kotak4d kuku4d kumala69 kupon4d kursi77 kuy77 kuy88 lala4d lambang138 lancar88 langit138 langit188 langit303 langit4d lapak369 lapak88 lapakgaming lato123 lato168 lato77 lato777 lato88 latobet138 latobet77 latobet777 latobet888 latobet99 layar4d layar77 legenda77 level138 lexus57 liga338 liga388 liga588 liga77 liga777 liga778 liga888 ligabet ligabet88 ligabet99 ligabola168 ligabola88 ligabola888 ligadunia88 ligaslot ligaslot88 lineslot linetogel88 link77 linkaja777 linkgacor linkzeus linting4d lion777 lipat138 live22 liveslot lokal4d lokal88 loket4d lolislot lonceng88 lotre77 lotre88 lotus123 lotus777 lucks77 mahjong ways 2 lucky123 lucky138 lucky365 lucky777 lucky88 luckybet168 luckyslot77 ludo88 lumbung77 luna4d lux138 lux777 luxor303 luxorplay luxury11slot luxury123 luxury188 luxury77 luxury88 luxury888 m2mslot m8win mabar99 macan138 macan338 macan4d macan777 macan88 macau123 macau138 macau77 macau99 macaugacor88 macauslot138 macauslot168 macaw88 mafia888 mafiacash mager77 mager777 mager99 magicslot magnet138 magnet88 magnum4d magnum77 magnum88 maha123 maha138 mahabet168 mahadewa77 mahir77 mahjong123 mahjong77 mahkota88 mahkota99 mahong45 mahoni4d main303 main39 main88 mainslot mainslot77 mainslot777 maju88 makmur4d makmur88 malaikat4d malaikat77 malaikat777 mamaslot88 mami138 mami88 mampu99 mandiri4d mandiri77 mangga77 mania4d mania99 maniaslot88 manis77 manis88 manis888 mantap138 mantap77 mantap777 mantulbro marina118 markas123 markas168 markas365 markas388 markas77 markas777 markas88 markasmpo market898 mas168 master123 master168 master4d master77 master888 master99 masterbet111 masterslot188 masterslot888 mastertogel masuk4d mau4d mawar138 mawar4d mawartoto88 max138 max4d maxbet388 maxhoki99 maxwin100 maxwin123 maxwin168 maxwin188 maxwin365 maxwin55 maxwin777 maxwin78 maxwin99 maxwin999 mbc303 mbo303 mbo77 mbo88 mbo888 medali99 mediaslot mediaslot88 mega238 mega33 mega365 mega368 mega77 mega99 megabet megabet77 megabet88 megaslot888 megaslot99 megawin168 megawin338 megawin77 megawin999 meja88 mekar123 mekar4d mekong4d melati138 melati168 melati4d melati77 melati777 melati88 member99 menang138 menang77 menang777 menang88 menang888 menang89 menangslot menangslot77 menara123 menara138 mentari777 mentari88 merapi4d merdeka123 merdeka45 merdeka4d merdeka88 merlin188 merpati4d mesin138 messi4d meteor88 metro188 metro77 metro777 metro88 mewah88 mgmklub mgo77 microgaming77 microgaming777 microslot88 milan4d milan99 mimpi4d mister4d mister88 mistiktogel mitosfafa mixparlay mixue99 mochi77 mola88 monster168 monsterbola88 mpo001 mpo008 mpo05 mpo1122 mpo13 mpo138 mpo1771 mpo1991 mpo200 mpo21 mpo22 mpo221 mpo288 mpo2play mpo3000 mpo33 mpo363 mpo400 mpo404 mpo45 mpo5000 mpo50000 mpo525 mpo575 mpo600 mpo66 mpo707 mpo78 mpo787 mpo789 mpo80 mpo828 mpo838 mpo853 mpo900 mpo98 mpogacor88 mpokataslot mponinja mpoqq mposlot303 mposlot555 mpowin88 mslot77 mslot88 msport77 muara77 mujur123 mulan4d mulia123 mulia88 muliaslot multigaming88 mulus77 murah77 murah777 musang77 musik89 mustang777 mutiara4d mutiara77 mutiara88 mutiaraslot88 mvp77 mvp777 mvp88 mybet888 nada88 nadiemtogel nadimtoto naga231 naga321 naga76.info naga777 naga89 naga99 nagaasia88 nagabet123 nagaslot4d nagaslot88 nagaslot888 nagaslot99 naruto77 nasional4d nation889 nego4d neko88 neo88 net777 net888 netizen138 netizen4d new303 nex77 nexian4d nexus88 ngamen4d nikmat4d nila4d ninja168 ninja4d ninja77 ninja777 nobar4d nobar77 nobar777 nona303 nona4d nusa138 nusa777 nusantara888 nyonya77 obat4d oislot oke77 okeslot77 okeslot777 okeslot88 ole303slot olimpus olympus138 olympus77 ome77 omega4d omega99 onix4d onix77 onixbet online123 online77 online88 opajudi opal388 oppo88 opposlot oreo4d ori4d oriental77 oritoto osaka138 osg138 otw77 ovo138 ovo388 ovo4d ovo77 oyo77 padi1618 padi88 paduka138 pagoda4d paito4d pakarbet88 pakdetogel pakong88 panda123 panda4d panda777 panda888 pandakoin pandaslot88 pandawa123 pandawa177 pandawa888 pandawa89 pandawa99 pandora123 pandora177 pandora77 pandora777 pandora888 pandora99 pangeran77 pansos88 pantai77 pap77 pap777 papa777 papahoki pargoy138 parlay parlay303 partai77 partai777 partner77 partner777 pasar138 pasar303 pasar365 pasar4d pasar69 pasar77 pasar78 pasar88 pascol777 pasti138 pasti369slot pasti99 pastigacor pastislot pastislotqq pasukan4d pasukan77 paten123 paten138 paten303 paten88 pecah777 pecah88 pecah888 peduli138 pegasus123 pejabatslot pejuang4d pejuang88 pelangi77 pelangislot77 pelor77 pemain168 pencetjudi pentolan88 pepsi77 perak99 permata88 permataslot96 pertama4d pesona88 pesta777 peta77 petarung303 petir500slot petir78 petirmerah petirslot pgslot168 piala4d piala77 piala888 pialaslot pika68 pinjol4d pino4d pintu88 pion77 piramid4d piu4d pkplay pkv777 pkvgames planet123 planet138 platina88 play138 play188 play4d play777bet play88 play99 playking playslot playslot777 playslot99 playtech77 playwin88 poin188 poin77 poker138 poker77 poker777 poker99 pokersetan pondok777 pools88 popslot22 prada168 prada88 pragmatic128 pragmatic247 pragmatic888 pragmatic88jp pragmatic89 pragmatic99 pragmaticplay pro77 probet888 promo4d promoslot puas4d pucuk69slot pulaujudi88 pulsa4d pulsa77 pusat138 pusat313 pusat77 pusat88 pusatbet88 pussy888 putarslot putri4d qiuqiu77 qiuqiuslot777 qq11bola qq122 qq138 qq219 qq555 qq724 qq777slot qq77slot qq821 qq988 qq99 qq9988 qq999bet qqbet77 qqcash338 qqmaha88 qqmaxwin qqpanda88 qqslot5 qqslot77 qqslot88 qqslot99 qqslot998 raden777 raja128 raja188 raja368 raja369 raja389slot raja5000 raja55 raja69 raja789 raja878 raja888 rajaasia88 rajabet rajabet168 rajabet77 rajabet777 rajabet88 rajabonanza rajacuan77 rajagacor888 rajahoki77 rajaindo33 rajajudi99 rajamaxwin rajampo777 rajampo88 rajaslot138 rajaslot44 rajaslot77 rajaslot777 rajaslot888 rajaslot89 rajaslot99 rajaslot999 rajasoccer rajawali777 rajawali99 rajawd77 rajawin138 rajawin777 rajawin88 rame138 rankeslot rans77 rans777 ratu4d ratu88 ratuslot88 raya88 raya88slot receh123 receh138 receh168 receh77 receh888 receh99 red138 replay77 republikslot restoslot rezeki138 rindu4d rknslot rmk828 robin77 robin88 rog168 roket88 roketbola roma777 roma88 ronin138 rosalia royal288 royal303 royal66 royal777 royal99 royalbet88 royalbet888 royalbet99 royalq88 royalslot888 royalwin88 rtgslot rtp138 rtp800 rtp88 ruko4d rumahbola88 rungkad138 rungkad4d rungkad777 rungkad99 rupiah123 rupiah4d rupiah77 rupiah79 s2slot s777 s7slot s88toto sabi88 safari77 saga98 saga99 sagawin365 sah777 sahabat4d sahabat777 saham77 sakau4d sakong88 sakti138 sakti369 sakti77 sakti99 saku4d sakura123 sakura138 sakura4d sakura88 salam4d saldo77 sambo88 samgong samsung4d samudra4d samudra77 samurai4d samurai88 sandi777 sarana4d sarang138 sarang4d sarang88 saranghoki sasa4d satelit77 satumaster sawer168 sawer99 sbo777 sbo88 sbobet138 sbobet168 sbobet303 sbobet77 sboslot88 scn889 score303 sederhana4d sejati77 selamat88 selera123 selot selot5000 selot777 selot88 selotdemo selotgacor semarslot semut4d senang777 senggol4d senja138 senja4d senja77 senpai77 sensa123 sensa168 sensa77 sensasional88 sensational4d sensational88 sensei4d sentosa88 sentral4d senyum4d senyum77 sepakbola138 sera77 seru123slot seru4d server77 server777 setanbola setar77 shiro88 sicboonline sigra88 sihoki88 sikat138 sikat77 sikat777 sikat888 siluman4d simba77 simba777 simba88 sin88 singa4d singaporeslot88 sip4d sip77 situs77 situs777 situs88 situsslot77 situsslot88 skor888 sky88 slebew138 slot1000 slot111 slot1111 slot1121 slot118 slot1212 slot1221 slot127 slot128 slot1288 slot136 slot1388 slot139 slot148 slot160 slot169 slot178 slot189 slot202 slot2121 slot22 slot222 slot247 slot268 slot29 slot328 slot33 slot333 slot338 slot36 slot368 slot378 slot38 slot388 slot389 slot500 slot55 slot555 slot55login slot600 slot62 slot66 slot663 slot678 slot68 slot700 slot707 slot717 slot733 slot75 slot757 slot7777 slot777bet slot777hoki slot77daftar slot787 slot788 slot789 slot79 slot8000 slot808 slot833 slot878 slot888bet slot889nation slot88bet slot88star slot88top slot899 slot9000 slot91 slot96 slot98 slot988 slot999 slotace99 slotasia88 slotbaru slotbet88 slotbet99 slotbola slotbola99 slotbonus slotcq9 slotcuan138 slotdana slotdepo5k sloter77 slotfafa slotgacor slotgacor77 slotgacor88 slotgacor889 slotgame slotgratis slothoki88 slotjackpot slotjago99 slotjoker slotking slotking99 slotlego slotlogin slotmania88 slotmaxwin slotmm slotnation88 sloto77 slotpanas slotpragmatic slotqris slotterbaik slottoto slotup slotwin123 slotwin77 slotwin777 slotyuk sodaslot sogo4d sogo77 sogo777 soho77 soho777 solid88 sonic4d spadegaming777 sparta168 spider4d spin123 spin77 spin777 spin888 spin99 spinbet88 spins99 sport337 sport777 sport88 sport99 star777daftar starslot77 starx008 studiobet78 suara77 subur138 subur4d suhu777 suhu89 sukabet88 sukses138 sultan57 sultan777 sultanbet88 sultanbet99 sultanplay88 sultanslot88 sumberjp99 sunda4d super123 super303 superbet888 superitc superslot777 superwin77 superwin99 surga123 surga138 surga4d surga777 surgaslot77 surya4d surya99 taipan88 tajir168 takapedia taman4d tambang138 tambang4d tancap88 tanggo77 tangkas4d tangkas77 tbet303 tebak123 tebak168 tebak69 tebak77 tebak777 tebak88 tebak888 tebak99 tembus88 tepat88 terbang138 terbang4d tesla388 threads77 threads777 tiara99 tiger88 tiger888 tigerbet88 tigerbet888 tiket88 tiktok303 tiktok77 tiktok777 tis138 titan77slot toba4d togel212 togel234 togel2d togel303 togel388 togel68 togel777 togel888 togel911 togel99 togelkita toko99 tokyo138 tokyo303 top1togel top777 top888 topagen topslot138 toto303 toto338 toto66 toto888 toto95 toto96 toto98 toto988 slot gacor wso slotovo linkslot slotrtp slotrezeki nomplok rezeki nomplok slotrejeki totomacau totomacau1 totomacau2 totomacau3 totomacau4 hongkongpools sydneypools singaporepools datahk dataslot datasyd datasgp datasydney turnamentslot garansikekalahan bonus200 serverthailand serverrusia serverkamboja servercambodia serverphilipine serverslot servertogel pulsatanpapotongan slotpulsatanpapotongan slotpulsa5000 slotpulsa10ribu slotpulsa10000 oxplays slot oxplay slot nexus slot infini88 slot joker slot glx rtp rejeki rejeki rtp slot kakek zeus freechips slot idn slot idntoto slot idnslot slot idnsport livescore slot pay4d bersatutoto crystalslot crystaltoto polisislot polisitogel slot2025 daftar akun jp mudah maxween gacor anti rungkad slot anti rungkad mahjongways mahjongways2 link slot gacor topbet4d nukegaming onixgaming akun demo akun gacor akun vip anti rungkad judi bola akun pro platinum akun pro silver akun pro gold akun pro hongkong akun pro jepang akun pro kamboja akun pro malaysia akun pro myanmar akun pro rusia akun pro singapore akun pro taiwan akun pro thailand akun pro vietnam akun pro vip akun pro bronze akun pro filipina akun pro australia akun pro amerika akun pro inggris akun pro tiongkok akun pro macau akun pro jerman akun pro italy akun pro turki akun pro ukraina akun pro wuhan akun pro sydney akun pro sgp akun pro japan akun pro cambodia akun pro hk akun pro korea utara akun pro seoul akun pro korea selatan akun pro pyongyang akun pro beijing akun pro shanghai akun pro nusantara akun pro indonesia akun pro jakarta akun pro surabaya akun pro medan akun pro solo akun pro prancis akun pro roma akun pro koi akun pro sweet bonanza akun pro spaceman akun pro bandung akun pro new zealand akun pro jamaica akun pro yaman akun pro arab saudi akun pro irak akun pro iran akun pro palestina akun pro israel akun pro dubai akun pro wales akun pro poland akun pro mexico akun pro canada akun pro argentina akun pro portugal akun pro spanyol akun pro spain akun pro real madrid akun pro barcelona akun pro manchester united akun pro manchester city akun pro liverpool akun pro arsenal akun pro wibu akun pro hotman paris akun pro raffi ahmad akun pro mahjong ways otakudesu samehadaku lk21 layarkaca21 gudangmovies judi bola euro judi bola ucl judi bola world cup cashback slot cashback bola cashback togel cashback sabung ayam cashback gratis cashback judi freespin slot freespin bola freespin togel freespin sabung ayam freespin gratis freespin judi rollingan slot rollingan bola rollingan togel rollingan sabung ayam rollingan gratis rollingan judi cheat slot cheat bola cheat togel cheat sabung ayam cheat gratis cheat judi tembak ikan online bonus tembak ikan slot freespin bonus freespin 5x bonus freespin 25x bonus freespin 100x bonus freespin 50x bonus freespin 20x bonus freespin 10x scatter hitam emas scatter hitam pink scatter hitam gold scatter hitam silver scatter hitam diamond scatter putih scatter hijau scatter hijau emas scatter hijau pink scatter hijau gold scatter hijau silver scatter hijau diamond scatter biru scatter biru emas scatter biru pink scatter biru gold scatter biru silver scatter biru diamond scatter merah scatter merah emas scatter merah pink scatter merah gold scatter merah silver scatter merah diamond scatter pink scatter emas scatter perak scatter mahjong ways scatter coklat scatter kuning scatter kuning emas scatter kuning pink scatter kuning gold scatter kuning silver scatter kuning diamond scatter ungu scatter abu scatter 1000x scatter 500x scatter platinum scatter silver scatter gold scatter hongkong scatter jepang scatter kamboja scatter malaysia scatter myanmar scatter rusia scatter singapore scatter taiwan scatter thailand scatter vietnam scatter vip scatter bronze scatter filipina scatter australia scatter amerika scatter inggris scatter tiongkok scatter macau scatter jerman scatter italy scatter turki scatter ukraina scatter wuhan scatter sydney scatter sgp scatter japan scatter cambodia scatter hk scatter korea utara scatter seoul scatter korea selatan scatter pyongyang scatter beijing scatter shanghai scatter nusantara scatter indonesia scatter jakarta scatter surabaya scatter medan scatter solo scatter prancis scatter roma scatter koi scatter sweet bonanza scatter spaceman scatter bandung scatter new zealand scatter jamaica scatter yaman scatter arab saudi scatter irak scatter iran scatter palestina scatter israel scatter dubai scatter wales scatter poland scatter mexico scatter canada scatter argentina scatter portugal scatter spanyol scatter spain scatter real madrid scatter barcelona scatter manchester united scatter manchester city scatter liverpool scatter arsenal bonus new member slot bonus slot dana slot 25k slot server kamboja slot server thailand slot habanero slot jp slot receh rtp slot rtp live slot gampang menang slot garansi kekalahan mahjong ways parlay bola toto cambodia toto china toto hk toto jepang toto macau toto sdy toto sgp toto taiwan toto korea toto amerika toto inggris toto wuhan toto japan toto taipei toto myanmar toto malaysia toto rusia toto ukraina toto india toto canada togel cambodia togel china togel jepang togel sdy togel taiwan togel indonesia togel kl togel togel togel korea togel amerika togel inggris togel wuhan togel japan togel taipei togel myanmar togel malaysia togel rusia togel ukraina togel india togel canada togel hongkong togel tokyo togel kyoto togel okinawa togel shanghai togel beijing togel budapest togel austria togel ceko togel jerman togel berlin togel hongaria togel swiss togel bromo togel yogyakarta togel medan togel malang togel bogor togel banten togel surabaya togel semarang togel london togel new york togel alabama togel california togel washington togel texas togel wales togel irlandia togel alaska togel korea utara togel pyongyang togel kamboja togel buffalo togel europe togel eropa togel afrika togel australia togel sydney togel melbourne togel new zealand togel atlanta togel marlyland togel florida togel kentucky togel bangkok togel poipet togel kps togel phnom penh togel chrey thum togel kampung dewa togel lampung togel riau togel pekan baru togel siem riep togel sulawesi togel kalimantan togel papua togel papua nugini togel timor leste togel laos togel hanoi togel hociminh togel king kong togel georgia togel indiana togel wisconsin togel oregon togel tennesse togel rhode island togel pennysylvania togel illinois togel missouri togel delaware togel carolina togel germany togel england togel france togel prancis togel paris togel spain togel barcelona togel real madrid togel atletico madrid togel croatia togel kroasia togel singapore togel kremlin togel kyiv togel ohio togel bullseye togel phoenix togel phuket togel mongolia togel spanyol togel portugal togel denmark togel norwegia togel viking togel odin togel zeus togel olympus togel gatotkaca togel ares togel artemis togel yunani togel pcso togel portland togel bogota togel new jersey togel solo togel madura togel makasar togel ikn togel nusantara togel balikpapan togel mumbai togel pakistan togel afganistan togel maroko togel italy togel italia togel juventus togel intermilan togel ac milan togel sweet bonaza togel starlight princess togel bonanza gold togel gates of olmypus togel gates of gatotkaca togel wild west gold togel lucky neko live draw cambodia live draw china live draw jepang live draw taiwan live draw indonesia live draw kl live draw togel live draw korea live draw amerika live draw inggris live draw wuhan live draw koi live draw japan live draw taipei live draw myanmar live draw malaysia live draw rusia live draw ukraina live draw india live draw canada live draw hongkong live draw tokyo live draw kyoto live draw okinawa live draw shanghai live draw beijing live draw budapest live draw austria live draw ceko live draw jerman live draw berlin live draw hongaria live draw swiss live draw bromo live draw yogyakarta live draw medan live draw malang live draw bogor live draw banten live draw surabaya live draw semarang live draw london live draw new york live draw alabama live draw california live draw washington live draw texas live draw wales live draw irlandia live draw alaska livedraw korea utara live draw pyongyang live draw kamboja live draw buffalo live draw europe live draw eropa live draw afrika live draw australia live draw sydney live draw melbourne live draw new zealand live draw atlanta live draw marlyland live draw florida live draw kentucky live draw bangkok live draw poipet live draw kps live draw phnom penh live draw chrey thum live draw kampung dewa live draw lampung live draw riau live draw pekan baru live draw siem riep live draw sulawesi live draw kalimantan live draw papua live draw papua nugini live draw timor leste live draw laos live draw hanoi live draw hociminh live draw king kong live draw georgia live draw indiana live draw wisconsin live draw oregon live draw tennesse live draw rhode island live draw pennysylvania live draw illinois live draw missouri live draw delaware live draw carolina live draw germany live draw england live draw france live draw prancis live draw paris live draw spain live draw barcelona live draw real madrid live draw atletico madrid live draw croatia live draw kroasia live draw singapore live draw kremlin live draw kyiv live draw ohio live draw bullseye live draw phoenix live draw phuket live draw mongolia live draw spanyol live draw portugal live draw denmark live draw norwegia live draw viking live draw odin live draw zeus live draw olympus live draw gatotkaca live draw ares live draw artemis live draw yunani live draw pcso live draw portland live draw bogota live draw new jersey live draw solo live draw madura live draw makasar live draw ikn live draw nusantara live draw balikpapan live draw mumbai live draw pakistan live draw afganistan live draw maroko live draw italy live draw italia live draw juventus live draw intermilan live draw ac milan live draw sweet bonaza live draw starlight princess live draw bonanza gold live draw gates of olmypus live draw gates of gatotkaca live draw wild west gold live draw lucky neko keluaran cambodia keluaran china keluaran jepang keluaran macau keluaran taiwan keluaran indonesia keluaran kl keluaran keluaran keluaran korea keluaran amerika keluaran inggris keluaran wuhan keluaran koi keluaran japan keluaran taipei keluaran myanmar keluaran malaysia keluaran rusia keluaran ukraina keluaran india keluaran canada keluaran hongkong keluaran tokyo keluaran kyoto keluaran okinawa keluaran shanghai keluaran beijing keluaran budapest keluaran austria keluaran ceko keluaran jerman keluaran berlin keluaran hongaria keluaran swiss keluaran bromo keluaran yogyakarta keluaran medan keluaran hanoi keluaran hociminh keluaran king kong keluaran georgia keluaran indiana keluaran wisconsin keluaran oregon keluaran tennesse keluaran rhode island keluaran pennysylvania keluaran illinois keluaran missouri keluaran delaware keluaran carolina keluaran germany keluaran england keluaran france keluaran prancis keluaran paris keluaran spain keluaran barcelona keluaran real madrid keluaran atletico madrid keluaran croatia keluaran kroasia keluaran singapore keluaran kremlin keluaran kyiv keluaran ohio keluaran bullseye keluaran phoenix keluaran phuket keluaran mongolia keluaran spanyol keluaran portugal keluaran denmark keluaran norwegia keluaran viking keluaran odin keluaran zeus keluaran olympus keluaran gatotkaca keluaran ares keluaran artemis keluaran yunani keluaran pcso keluaran portland keluaran bogota keluaran new jersey keluaran solo keluaran madura keluaran makasar keluaran ikn keluaran nusantara keluaran balikpapan keluaran mumbai keluaran pakistan keluaran afganistan keluaran maroko keluaran italy keluaran italia keluaran juventus keluaran intermilan keluaran ac milan keluaran sweet bonaza keluaran starlight princess keluaran bonanza gold keluaran gates of olmypus keluaran gates of gatotkaca keluaran wild west gold keluaran lucky neko data togel cambodia data togel china data togel hk data togel jepang data togel macau data togel sdy data togel sgp data togel taiwan data togel indonesia data togel kl data togel data togel data togel korea data togel amerika data togel inggris data togel wuhan data togel japan data togel taipei data togel myanmar data togel malaysia data togel rusia data togel ukraina data togel india data togel canada bocoran admin jarwo bocoran admin riki bocoran admin dika bocoran admin bagus poker online prediksi parlay raja slot slot server jepang slot server luar negeri slot server malaysia slot server rusia slot advantplay slot cq9 slot live22 slot microgaming slot no limit city slot playstar slot reel kingdom slot spadegaming slot gates of gatotkaca slot gates of olympus slot pulsa indosat slot lucky neko slot starlight princess slot sweet bonanza slot pulsa telkomsel slot pulsa tri slot pulsa xl baccarat online casino online situs judi bola situs judi slot gacor situs judi terbesar di dunia situs judi amerika situs judi ayam situs judi bola resmi situs judi bola terpercaya daftar situs judi slot online terpercaya situs judi slot apk situs judi slot asia situs judi slot asli situs judi slot amerika situs judi slot aman dan terpercaya situs judi slot online asia apk situs judi slot online situs judi slot akun demo situs judi slot bet 200 perak situs judi slot bet 200 situs judi slot bonus member baru 200 situs judi slot casino situs judi slot casino online situs judi casino slot gacor online terpercaya situs judi slot eropa daftar situs slot mudah jackpot terpercaya daftar situs slot pay4d cara daftar slot online cara daftar slot online deposit dana daftar situs slot mudah jackpot tergacor bri slot 4d bri4d slot login daftar bet188 daftar slot 188 situs slot dewa99 web angka main togel web angka togel hari ini web aplikasi togel web bandar togel aman web bet togel 4d web betting togel 100 perak web bocoran togel hari ini web cara kombinasi angka togel web cara pasang togel web casino online aman web daftar togel online web data hasil togel web freechip besar web freechip tanpa syarat web jackpot togel web judi online web judi slot gacor 2025 web judi slot paling gacor web live draw togel web member vip web online paling gacor malam ini web pasaran togel terlengkap web permainan slot gacor web prediksi angka jitu web prediksi togel akurat web prediksi togel hari ini web prediksi togel macau jitu web prediksi togel sdy jitu web prediksi togel sgp jitu web prediksi togel terpercaya web prediksiangka togel web provider slot gacor web resmi web result togel hari ini web result togel tercepat web rumus angka jitu web rumus slot gacor web rumus togel jitu web rumus togel terpercaya web situs judi casino web slot web slot aman dan terpercaya web slot android web slot anti rungkad web slot auto menang web slot banyak cashback web slot bonus new member paling besar web slot bonus selamat datang web slot bonus tanpa syarat 2025 web slot casino online web slot dengan game terlengkap web slot dengan rtp tinggi web slot depo 5k wd 500k web slot deposit pulsa axis web slot deposit pulsa m3 web slot deposit pulsa telkomsel web slot deposit pulsa xl web slot dijamin jackpotinfo slot dijamin jackpot web slot dijamin jp paus web slot dijamin maxwin web slot gacor web slot gacor asia web slot gacor bonus besar web slot gacor hari ini web slot gacor jackpot web slot gacor live web slot gacor malam ini web slot gacor mudah menang web slot gacor paling banyak menang web slot gacor paling hot web slot gacor saat ini web slot gacor terbaik web slot gacor terbaru 2025 web slot gacor terbaru sekarang web slot gacor terpercaya web slot gacor terpercaya 2025 web slot gacor terpopuler web slot gampang jackpot besar web slot gratis tanpa deposit web slot habanero gacor web slot habanero gacor malam ini web slot hujan scater web slot indonesia paling gacor web slot jackpot 100%25 web slot jackpot harian web slot microgaming gacor web slot minimal deposit web slot mudah jackpot besar web slot no limit city gacor web slot online gacor web slot online mudah jackpot web slot paling banyak bonus web slot paling gacor hari ini web slot paling populer web slot pasti dibayar web slot pasti jackpot web slot pasti maxwin web slot pasti wd web slot paypal web slot pg soft gacor web slot pg soft gacor malam ini web slot playstar gacor web slot pragmatic gacor web slot pragmatic gacor malam ini web slot promosi besar web slot resmi 2025 web slot scater hitam web slot server filipina super gacor web slot server kamboja super gacor web slot server thailand super gacor web slot server vietnam super gacor web slot spin gratis web slot super gacor 2025 web slot tanpa batasan web slot tanpa potongan sama sekali web slot tanpa verifikasi web slot terbaik saat ini web slot terpercaya mudah maxwin web slot untuk pemula web tips slot gacor web togel aman resmi 2025 web togel aman terpercaya web togel deposit pulsa web togel hadiah besar web togel hongkong jitu web togel online resmi web togel online terbaik web togel online terbaru terpercaya web togel singapore jitu webresmi website angka main togel website angka togel hari ini website aplikasi togel website bandar togel aman website bet togel 4d website betting togel 100 perak website bocoran togel hari ini website cara kombinasi angka togel website cara pasang togel website casino online aman website daftar togel online website data hasil togel website freechip besar website freechip tanpa syarat website jackpot togel website judi slot gacor 2025 website judi slot paling gacor website live draw togel website member vip website online paling gacor malam ini website pasaran togel terlengkap website permainan slot gacor website prediksi angka jitu website prediksi angka togel website prediksi togel akurat website prediksi togel hari ini website prediksi togel macau jitu website prediksi togel sdy jitu website prediksi togel sgp jitu website prediksi togel terpercaya website provider slot gacor website result togel hari ini website result togel tercepat website rumus angka jitu website rumus slot gacor website rumus togel jitu website rumus togel terpercaya website situs judi casino website slot aman dan terpercaya website slot android website slot anti rungkad website slot auto menang website slot banyak cashback website slot bonus new member paling besar website slot bonus selamat datangwebsite slot bonus tanpa syarat 2025 website slot casino online website slot dengan game terlengkap website slot dengan rtp tinggi website slot depo 5k wd 500k website slot deposit pulsa axis website slot deposit pulsa m3 website slot deposit pulsa telkomsel website slot deposit pulsa xl website slot dijamin jackpot website slot dijamin jp paus website slot dijamin maxwin website slot pasti dibayar website slot pasti jackpot website slot pasti maxwin website slot pasti wd website slot paypal website slot pg soft gacor website slot pg soft gacor malam ini website slot play star gacor website slot pragmatic gacor website slot pragmatic gacor malam ini website slot promosi besar website slot resmi 2025 website slot scater hitam website slot spin gratis website slot super gacor 2025 website slot tanpa batasan website slot tanpa potongan sama sekali website slot tanpa verifikasi website slot terbaik saat ini website slot terpercaya mudah maxwin website slot untuk pemula website tips slot gacor website togel aman resmi 2025 website togel aman terpercaya website togel deposit pulsa website togel hadiah besar website togel hongkong jitu website togel online resmi website togel online terbaik website togel online terbaru terpercaya website togel singapore jitu 10 situs togel terpercaya 2025 100 bonus new member 25 bonus 25 62 hacker slot pragmatic agen angka main togel agen angka togel hari ini agen aplikasi togel agen bandar togel aman agen bo terpercaya agen bola 808 agen bola gila agen bola sbobet agen bola terpercaya agen cara kombinasi angka togel agen cara pasang togel agen casino online aman agen casino sbobet agen dadu agen daftar togel online agen data hasil togel agen forum togel terpercaya agen freechip besar agen freechip tanpa syarat agen idn agen idn poker agen idnplay agen joker agen judi bola online agen judi bola sbobet agen judi idn agen judi online agen judi poker agen judi slot agen judi slot gacor 2025 agen judi slot online agen judi slot paling gacor agen judi slot terpercaya agen live casino agen member vip agen pay4d agen permainan slot gacor agen poker agen poker idn agen poker indonesia agen poker online agen poker terbaik agen poker terpercaya agen prediksi togel akurat agen provider slot gacor agen resmi sbobet agen rumus angka jitu agen rumus slot gacor agen sbobet agen sbobet casino agen sbobet indonesia agen sbobet resmi agen situs bet togel 4d agen situs betting togel 100 perak agen situs bocoran togel hari ini agen situs jackpot togel agen situs judi casino agen situs live draw togel agen situs pasaran togel terlengkap agen situs prediksi angka jitu agen situs prediksi angka togel agen situs result togel tercepat agen situs rumus togel jitu agen situs rumus togel terpercaya agen situs togel aman resmi 2025 agen situs togel aman terpercaya agen situs togel deposit pulsa agen situs togel hadiah besar agen situs togel hongkong jitu agen situs togel online resmi agen situs togel singapore jitu agen slot agen slot aman dan terpercaya agen slot android agen slot anti rungkad agen slot auto menang agen slot banyak cashback agen slot bonus selamat datang agen slot bonus tanpa syarat 2025 agen slot casino online agen slot dengan game terlengkap agen slot dengan rtp tinggi agen slot depo 5k wd 500k agen slot deposit pulsa axis agen slot deposit pulsa m3 agen slot deposit pulsa telkomsel agen slot deposit pulsa xl agen slot dijamin jackpot agen slot dijamin jp paus agen slot gacor asia agen slot gacor bonus besar agen slot gacor jackpot agen slot gacor live agen slot gacor malam ini agen slot gacor mudah menang agen slot gacor paling banyak menang agen slot gacor paling hot agen slot gacor saat ini agen slot gacor terbaik agen slot gacor terbaru 2025 agen slot gacor terbaru sekarang agen slot gacor terpercaya 2025 agen slot gacor terpopuler agen slot gampang jackpot besar agen slot gratis tanpa deposit agen slot habanero gacor malam ini agen slot hujan scater agen slot indonesia agen slot indonesia paling gacor agen slot jackpot 100%25 agen slot jackpot harian agen slot joker gaming agen slot minimal deposit agen slot mudah jackpot besar agen slot online gacor agen slot online mudah jackpot agen slot online paling gacor malam ini agen slot online terpercaya agen slot paling banyak bonus agen slot paling gacor hari ini agen slot paling populer agen slot pasti dibayar agen slot pasti wd agen slot paypal agen slot pg soft gacor malam ini agen slot pragmatic gacor malam ini agen slot pragmatic play agen slot promosi besar agen slot pulsa tanpa potongan agen slot resmi 2025 agen slot scater hitam agen slot spin gratis agen slot super gacor 2025 agen slot tanpa batasan agen slot tanpa potongan sama sekali agen slot tanpa verifikasi agen slot terbaik saat ini agen slot terpercaya agen slot terpercaya mudah maxwin agen slot untuk pemula agen slot vietnam agen slot777 agen slot88 agen tembak ikan agen tips slot gacor agen togel online terbaik agen togel online terbaru terpercaya agencslot bonus new member paling besar akun gacor anti rungkad akun gacor slot akun jepang slot akun judi online akun server filipina akun server hongkong akun server myanmar akun server singapore akun server swiss akun server taiwan akun server thailand akun slot anti rungkad akun slot dana akun slot depo 5000 akun slot deposit 10 ribu akun slot deposit 5000 akun slot deposit 5k akun slot jepang akun slot kamboja akun slot olympus akun slot pakai dana akun slot paling gacor akun slot resmi akun slot server vietnam akun slot thailand akun slot thailand gacor akun slot wso mudah maxwin akun thailand slot akun wso akun wso anti rungkad akun wso pragmatic play alamat alternatif sbobet alternatif link sbobet alternatif sbobet angka main togel angka togel hari ini apa nama situs judi slot online terpercaya apk cheat slot pragmatic apk idn poker apk joker gaming apk judi online apk judi slot online terpercaya apk slot online via dana aplikasi hack slot pragmatic aplikasi judi online aplikasi judi slot online aplikasi togel bacarat casino bakarat online bakarat slot bandar bola sbobet bandar darat terbaru bandar darat terpercaya 2025 bandar judi online terpercaya bandar judi slot online bandar slot deposit 5k bandar slot88 bandar togel aman bandar togel darat bandar togel online bandar togel online terbaru bandar togel online terpercaya 2025 bandar togel terbaik hadiah bolak balik bandar togel terbaik hadiah terbesar bandar togel terpercaya 2025 bandar toto macau bandar toto togel bet 10 ribu slot bet 10 ribu slot login bet 200 bet casino bet togel 4d betting casino betting togel 100 perak blackjack online bo kamboja slot bo pay4d bo slot bet 100 bo slot bet 100 perak bo slot bet 200 bo slot bonus new member bo slot demo bo slot demo 2025 bo slot depo 10k bo slot depo 5k bo slot depo qris bo slot deposit 5000 bo slot deposit pulsa tanpa potongan bo slot gacor terpercaya bo slot garansi kekalahan bo slot garansi kekalahan 100 bo slot hoki bo slot hoki 2025 bo slot hoki viral bo slot kamboja aman terpercaya bo slot mahjong gacor bo slot member baru pasti menang bo slot minimal depo 10k bo slot minimal depo 5k bo slot minimal deposit 10 ribu bo slot minimal deposit 1000 bo slot minimal deposit 1k bo slot minimal deposit 5 ribu bo slot mudah maxwin bo slot mudah maxwin 2025 bo slot pakai dana bo slot paling gacor bo slot pgsoft gacor bo slot pp gacor bo slot pragmatic gacor bo slot resmi bo slot rtp tertinggi bo slot server luar negeri bo slot server thailand bo slot singapore bo slot tanpa deposit bo slot terbaik bo slot terbaik 2025 bo slot terbaru bo slot terbaru 2025 bo slot terbesar bo slot terbesar 2025 bo slot terbesar di dunia bo slot tergacor bo slot tergacor 2025 bo slot tergacor viral bo slot terpercaya bo slot thailand bo slot thailand terviral bo slot thailand terviral 2025 bo slot vietnam bo slot zeus gacor bo togel bo togel hadiah 10 juta bo togel hadiah 20 juta bo togel hadiah 4 juta bo togel hadiah terbesar bo togel terpercaya bo toto togel bocoran rtp slot gacor hari ini bocoran slot bocoran slot gacor hari ini bocoran togel hari ini bola casino bola jatuh bola sbobet bongkar trik slot bonus garansi kekalahan 100 bonus garansi kekalahan 50 bonus member baru bonus member baru 100 bonus member baru 200 bonus new member 100 bonus new member 100 to 5x bonus new member 100 to 8x bonus new member di awal bonus new member di depan bonus slot bonus slot di awal bonus slot hari ini bonus slot tanpa to cara daftar akun slot pakai dana cara daftar judi online cara daftar sbobet cara daftar slot online pakai dana cara deposit slot pakai ovo cara deposit slot via gopay cara deposit slot via ovo cara jadi member vip slot cara kombinasi angka togel cara mendapatkan jackpot slot cara pasang togel casino bakarat casino betting casino game casino game online casino games casino games online casino live casino online aman casino online games casino online terpercaya casino royale casino slot casino slot games casino slots online casino togel ceme online cheat rtp slot cheat slot hack cheat slot olympus cheat slot rtp cheat slot terpercaya cmd sport craps casino online daftar akun poker daftar akun slot pakai dana daftar akun web slot daftar idn daftar idn poker daftar idnplay daftar joker daftar judi online daftar judi slot online terpercaya daftar link slot daftar nolimit city daftar pay4d daftar poker daftar poker idn daftar pragmatic play daftar sbobet daftar sbobet terpercaya daftar situs casino daftar situs judi online daftar situs online judi terbaik daftar situs online judi togel terbaik daftar situs poker idn terpercaya daftar situs slot gacor daftar situs slot infini88 daftar situs slot thailand daftar situs terpercaya daftar situs togel daftar situs togel terlengkap daftar slot daftar slot dana daftar slot depo 10 daftar slot deposit 5000 daftar slot gacor daftar slot gopay daftar slot infini88 daftar slot mahjong daftar slot microgaming daftar slot online daftar slot ovo daftar slot pakai akun dana daftar slot pakai dana daftar slot pakai gopay daftar slot pakai linkaja daftar slot pakai ovo daftar slot pakai sakuku daftar slot spadegaming daftar slot terbaru daftar slot via dana daftar slot via dana minimal deposit 5000 daftar slot via dana tanpa rekening daftar slot via gopay daftar slot via ovo daftar slot88 daftar tembak ikan daftar togel online dana slot dana slot 77 dana slot 777 dana slot 777 login dana slot 88 dana slot 888 login data hasil togel dengan bonus new member depo 10 bonus 15 depo 10 bonus 20 depo 10 ribu depo 10k depo 20 bonus 10 depo 20 bonus 20 to 3x depo 20 bonus 30 depo 2020 depo 25 bonus 25 depo 25 bonus 25 to 3x depo 25 bonus to kecil depo 25 jadi 50 depo 50 bonus 50 to 3x depo 50 bonus 50 to 5x depo 5050 depo 55 depo 55 to kecil depo 5k bonus 10k depo 88 bonus 88 depo 89 depo 98 bonus 89 depo pulsa depo pulsa slot depo selot depo slot depo slot 10k depo slot 303 depo slot 388 depo slot4d depo slot 5k depo slot 88 depo slot 888 depo slot gopay depo slot pulsa depo slot pulsa tanpa potongan depo slot qq depo slot88 deposit 10 ribu slot deposit 10k slot deposit 20 bonus 20 deposit 25 bonus 25 new member deposit 25 bonus 25 to 3x deposit 25 bonus 25 to kecil deposit 25 bonus 50 deposit 25k bonus 25k deposit 25rb bonus 50rb deposit 5k slot deposit bonus member 100 deposit dana slot deposit gopay slot deposit linkaja slot deposit qris slot deposit slot deposit slot 10 ribu deposit slot gopay deposit slot ovo deposit slot pakai pulsa deposit slot pakai qris deposit slot pulsa tanpa potongan deposit slot qris deposit slot via gopay deposit via ovo slot online deposit via qris slot depot judi download idn poker dunia slot hoki 99 dunia slot88 forum togel terpercaya gacor dewa game habanero game ikan game ikan android game ikan iphone game ikan online game judi online game pragmatic play game slot game slot bet 100 game slot bet 100 perak game slot dana game slot depo 10k game slot depo 5000 game slot depo 5k game slot deposit 5000 game slot deposit 5k game slot deposit dana game slot deposit gopay game slot gacor hari ini game slot habanero game slot joker gaming game slot olympus game slot online game slot pakai dana game slot penghasil saldo dana game slot penghasil uang langsung ke dana game slot pg soft 2025 game slot spaceman game slot terbaik game slot terbaik uang asli game slot777 game tembak ikan games judi slot online games slot garansi kekalahan 100 garansi kekalahan 100 bebas ip garansi kekalahan 100 terbaru garansi kekalahan bebas ip garansi kekalahan pay4d garansi kekalahan saldo kembali garansi kekalahan slot gates of olympus pragmatic play gates of olympus slot indonesia gatot kaca habanero slot habanero slot 777 habanero slot login hack slot hack slot bonanza hack slot gatotkaca hack slot mahjong hack slot olympus hack slot princess hack slot terbaru hoki slot no 1 indonesiaidn slot idn slot 88 idn slot gacor idn slot online idn slot pragmatic idn slot terpercaya idn slot88 idn toto idnplay apk idnplay poker indonesian online casino infini88 bonus 100 infini88 bonus new member 100 infini88 engine infini88 engine slot infini88 gacor infini88 lengkap infini88 login infini88 new member 100 infini88 rtp infini88 slot infini88 slot gacor infini88 slot login infini88 slot terbaik infini88 slot terbaru infini88 terbaru infini88 tergacor infini888 info angka main togel info angka togel hari ini info aplikasi togel info bandar togel aman info cara kombinasi angka togel info cara pasang togel info casino online aman info daftar togel online info data hasil togel info forum togel terpercaya info freechip besar info freechip tanpa syarat info jadi member vip slot info judi slot gacor 2025 info judi slot paling gacor info member vip info permainan slot gacor info prediksi togel akurat info provider slot gacor info result togel hari ini info rtp slot gacor hari ini info rumus angka jitu info rumus slot gacor info situs bet togel 4d info situs betting togel 100 perak info situs bocoran togel hari ini info situs jackpot togel info situs judi casino info situs live draw togel info situs online paling gacor malam ini info situs pasaran togel terlengkap info situs prediksi angka jitu info situs prediksi angka togel info situs prediksi togel hari ini info situs prediksi togel macau jitu info situs prediksi togel sdy jitu info situs prediksi togel sgp jitu info situs prediksi togel terpercaya info situs result togel tercepat info situs rumus togel jitu info situs rumus togel terpercaya info situs togel aman resmi 2025 info situs togel aman terpercaya info situs togel deposit pulsa info situs togel hadiah besar info situs togel hongkong jitu info situs togel online resmi info situs togel online terbaru terpercaya info situs togel singapore jitu info slot aman dan terpercaya info slot android info slot anti rungkad info slot auto menang info slot banyak cashback info slot bonus new member paling besar info slot bonus selamat datang info slot bonus tanpa syarat 2025 info slot casino online info slot dengan game terlengkap info slot dengan rtp tinggi info slot depo 5k wd 500k info slot deposit pulsa axis info slot deposit pulsa m3 info slot deposit pulsa telkomsel info slot deposit pulsa xl info slot dijamin jp paus info slot dijamin maxwin info slot gacor info slot gacor asia info slot gacor bonus besar info slot gacor hari ini info slot gacor hari ini pragmatic play info slot gacor jackpot info slot gacor live info slot gacor malam ini info slot gacor mudah menang info slot gacor paling banyak menang info slot gacor paling hot info slot gacor saat ini info slot gacor terbaik info slot gacor terbaru 2025 info slot gacor terbaru sekarang info slot gacor terpercaya info slot gacor terpercaya 2025 info slot gacor terpopuler info slot gampang jackpot besar info slot gratis tanpa deposit info slot habanero gacor info slot habanero gacor malam ini info slot hujan scater info slot indonesia paling gacor info slot jackpot 100%25 info slot jackpot harian info slot microgaming gacor info slot minimal deposit info slot mudah jackpot besar info slot no limit city gacor info slot online gacor info slot online mudah jackpot info slot paling banyak bonus info slot paling gacor hari ini info slot paling populer info slot pasti dibayar info slot pasti jackpot info slot pasti maxwin info slot pasti wd info slot paypal info slot pg soft gacor info slot pg soft gacor malam ini info slot playstar gacor info slot pragmatic gacor info slot pragmatic gacor malam ini info slot promosi besar info slot receh info slot resmi 2025 info slot scater hitam info slot spin gratis info slot super gacor 2025 info slot tanpa batasan info slot tanpa potongan sama sekali info slot tanpa verifikasi info slot terbaik saat ini info slot terpercaya mudah maxwin info slot untuk pemula info tips slot gacor info togel online terbaik injector slot pragmatic ink slot gacor via dana jackpot casino jackpot slot jackpot slot pragmatic jackpot slot terbesar jackpot slot zeus jackpot slot88 jackpot togel jam gacor pragmatic play jam gacor slot pg soft jam gacor slot pragmatic hari ini jam hoki main slot habanero jam jackpot slot jam slot gacor hari ini jam slot olympus jepang 88 slot jepang bet slot jepang pro slot jepang slot jepang slot bet joker 123 gaming joker gaming joker gaming apk joker gaming login joker gaming slot joker gaming slot free joker gaming slot online joker slot joker slot88 joker tembak ikan joker123 bet judi bakarat judi bola online judi bola online sbobet judi bola sbobet judi casino judi dadu online judi idn judi idnplay judi ikan judi ikan online judi kartu online judi mpo login judi mpo slot judi online judi online bola judi online deposit pulsa judi online gacor judi online resmi judi online sbobet judi online tembak ikan judi online terbaik judi online terbaru judi online terpecaya judi poker judi poker online judi poker terbaik judi poker terpercaya judi resmi slot judi rolet judi rolet online judi roulette online judi sabung ayam online 24 jam judi sbobet judi slot judi slot dana judi slot depo 10k judi slot depo 5000 judi slot depo 5k judi slot deposit 10 ribu judi slot deposit 10000 judi slot deposit dana gopay judi slot deposit dana%2fgopay judi slot deposit gopay judi slot deposit pulsa tanpa potongan judi slot deposit via gopay judi slot gacor judi slot gacor triofus judi slot gopay judi slot modal 10 ribu judi slot online deposit 10 ribu judi slot online deposit 10 ribu qris judi slot online deposit dana judi slot online deposit gopay judi slot online deposit ovo judi slot online deposit via gopay judi slot online terbaru judi slot online via gopay judi slot pakai dana judi slot pakai gopay judi slot paling gacor judi slot pragmatic play judi slot terbaru judi slot terpercaya judi slot thailand judi slot triofus judi slot777 judi slot88 judi tembak ikan judi togel online kumpulan infini88 kumpulan pay4d kumpulan situs infini88 kumpulan situs infini88 bonus 100 kumpulan situs infini88 terbaru kumpulan situs mpo kumpulan situs nexus engine kumpulan situs pay4d kumpulan situs slot infini88 kumpulan situs togel terpercaya kumpulan situs ultimate gaming liga bola88 ling judi online link alternatif joker gaming link alternatif pay4d link alternatif sbobet link alternatif sbobet mobile link alternatif sbobet terbaru link alternatif slot777 link alternatif slot88 link angka main togel link angka togel hari ini link aplikasi togel link bandar togel aman link bo gacor link cara kombinasi angka togel link cara pasang togel link casino online aman link daftar togel online link data hasil togel link forum togel terpercaya link freechip besar link freechip tanpa syarat link gacor maxwin link idn link infini88 link jepang slot link judi online link judi slot gacor 2025 link judi slot paling gacor link kamboja slot link login sbobet link member vip link nexus link nexus slot link pay4d link permainan slot gacor link pragmatic play link prediksi togel akurat link provider slot gacor link result togel hari ini link rumus angka jitu link rumus slot gacor link sabung ayam online link sbobet link sbobet mobile link sbobet terbaru link scatter hitam link server thailand slot link situs bet togel 4d link situs betting togel 100 perak link situs bocoran togel hari ini link situs jackpot togel link situs judi casino link situs live draw togel link situs online paling gacor malam ini link situs pasaran togel terlengkap link situs prediksi angka jitu link situs prediksi angka togel link situs prediksi togel hari ini link situs prediksi togel macau jitu link situs prediksi togel sdy jitu link situs prediksi togel sgp jitu link situs prediksi togel terpercaya link situs result togel tercepat link situs rumus togel jitu link situs rumus togel terpercaya link situs togel aman resmi 2025 link situs togel aman terpercaya link situs togel deposit pulsa link situs togel hadiah besar link situs togel hongkong jitu link situs togel online resmi link situs togel online terbaru terpercaya link situs togel singapore jitu link slot 10k link slot 5k link slot aman dan terpercaya link slot android link slot anti rungkad link slot auto menang link slot banyak cashback link slot basis vietnam link slot bet 100 link slot bet 100 perak link slot bet 800 link slot bonus new member paling besar link slot bonus selamat datang link slot bonus tanpa syarat 2025 link slot casino online link slot dengan game terlengkap link slot dengan rtp tinggi link slot depo 10 bonus 15 link slot depo 10k link slot depo 20 bonus 30 link slot depo 25 bonus 25 link slot depo 50 bonus 50 link slot depo 5000 link slot depo 5k link slot depo 5k wd 500k link slot depo dana link slot depo pulsa link slot deposit 10 ribu link slot deposit 10000 link slot deposit 5000 link slot deposit 5k link slot deposit dana link slot deposit gopay link slot deposit ovo link slot deposit pulsa link slot deposit pulsa axis link slot deposit pulsa m3 link slot deposit pulsa telkomsel link slot deposit pulsa xl link slot deposit via qris link slot dijamin jackpot link slot dijamin jp paus link slot dijamin maxwin link slot gacor asia link slot gacor bonus besar link slot gacor dana link slot gacor depo 10k link slot gacor depo 5k link slot gacor deposit 10 ribu link slot gacor deposit 10k link slot gacor deposit 5k link slot gacor hari ini link slot gacor hari ini deposit 10 ribu link slot gacor hari ini pragmatic play link slot gacor jackpot link slot gacor live link slot gacor maxwin link slot gacor mudah menang link slot gacor paling banyak menang link slot gacor paling hot link slot gacor saat ini link slot gacor server thailand link slot gacor terbaik link slot gacor terbaru link slot gacor terbaru 2025 link slot gacor terbaru sekarang link slot gacor terpercaya link slot gacor terpercaya 2025 link slot gacor terpopuler link slot gacor thailand link slot gacor vietnam link slot gampang jackpot besar link slot gopay link slot gratis tanpa deposit link slot habanero gacor link slot habanero gacor malam ini link slot hujan scater link slot indonesia paling gacor link slot jackpot link slot jackpot 100%25 link slot jackpot harian link slot kamboja link slot kamboja gacor link slot mahjong link slot maxwin link slot microgaming gacor link slot min depo 10k link slot min depo 5k link slot minimal depo 10k link slot minimal depo 5k link slot minimal deposit link slot minimal deposit 10 ribu link slot minimal deposit 10000 linkslotjepe234.online -win link slot mudah jackpot link slot mudah jackpot besar link slot no limit city gacor link slot olympus link slot online gacor link slot online mudah jackpot link slot ovo link slot pakai ovo link slot pakai pulsa link slot pakai qris link slot paling banyak bonus link slot paling gacor hari ini link slot paling populer link slot pasti dibayar link slot pasti jackpot link slot pasti maxwin link slot paypal link slot pg soft gacor link slot pg soft gacor malam ini link slot playstar gacor link slot pragmatic gacor link slot pragmatic gacor malam ini link slot promosi besar link slot pulsa tanpa potongan link slot qris link slot receh link slot resmi link slot resmi 2025 link slot scater hitam link slot server filipina super gacor link slot server kamboja link slot server kamboja super gacor link slot server thailand link slot server thailand super gacor link slot server vietnam super gacor link slot situs thailand link slot spaceman link slot spin gratis link slot super gacor 2025 link slot tanpa batasan link slot tanpa potongan sama sekali link slot tanpa verifikasi link slot terbaik link slot terbaik saat ini link slot terbaru link slot terpercaya mudah maxwin link slot thailand link slot thailand gacor link slot untuk pemula link slot via dana link slot vietnam link slot777 link slot777 gacor link slot88 link slotinfini88 link tips slot gacor link togel online terbaik link ultimate gaming link zeus olympus live casino live casino online live casino sbobet live rtp pragmatic play live slot777 login joker gaming login sbobet mahjong online judi mahjong wasy 2 main casino main casino slot main slot deposit 5000 main slot pakai dana main slot88 maxwin slot maxwin slot gacor maxwin slot receh maxwin slot88 mesin slot gacor mesin slot online microgaming casinos microgaming gacor microgaming login microgaming slot microgaming slot apk microgaming slot online microgaming slots microgaming slots online minimal deposit 10rb slot deposit pulsa 10 ribu tanpa potongan nama nama situs judi slot online nama situs slot gacor nama situs slot thailand nexus engine nexus engine slot nexus engine slot bonus 100 nexus engine slot gacor nexus gaming nexus gaming slot nexus slot login nolimit city indonesia nolimit city slot nolimit city slot indonesia nolimit city slots nolimitcity nomor slot dana online casino online casino gambling online casino games online casino live online casino singapore online casino slots online slots casino ovo slot ovo slot 88 ovo slot link alternatif ovo slot login ovo slot online ovo slot88 pasaran togel terlengkap pay4d bonus 100 pay4d daftar pay4d garansi kekalahan pay4d link alternatif pay4d login pay4d slot pay4d slot login pay4d terbaru pay4d togel permainan judi online permainan slot gacor pg slot login pg soft pg soft gacor pg soft mahjong pg soft mahjong ways 2 pg soft slot play pragmatic poker idn poker idn terbaru poker idnplay poker indonesia poker online idn poker online terpercaya poker terbaik poker terpercaya poker uang asli pola pragmatic play hari ini pola slot gacor pola slot gacor hari ini pragmatic play pola slot gacor malam ini pola slot receh pola trik slot pragmatic play pragmatic play games pragmatic play indonesia pragmatic play indonesia login pragmatic play login pragmatic play offline pragmatic play olympus pragmatic play provider pragmatic play rtp pragmatic play slot pragmatic play slot online pragmatic play slots prediksi angka jitu prediksi angka togel prediksi cambodia jitu prediksi china jitu prediksi hk super jitu prediksi hk super jitu hari ini prediksi hongkong jitu prediksi jepang jitu prediksi sgp super jitu prediksi sgp super jitu hari ini prediksi singapore jitu prediksi slot gacor prediksi taiwan jitu prediksi togel akurat prediksi togel hari ini prediksi togel macau jitu prediksi togel sdy jitu prediksi togel sgp jitu prediksi togel super hari ini prediksi togel super jitu prediksi togel terpercaya prediksi ttm4d jitu prediksi ttm5d jitu pro jepang slot pro jepang slot login pro kamboja slot pro vietnam slot provider pragmatic play provider slot gacor pusat judi slot online pyramid slot pragmatic qris deposit slot qris slot result togel hari ini result togel tercepat rolet online resmi rtg slot gacor hari ini rtp dana slot rtp habanero rtp habanero hari ini rtp habanero live rtp idn rtp idn slot rtp infini88 rtp live habanero rtp live jarwo rtp live pg soft rtp live pragmatic play rtp live pragmatic play hari ini rtp live slot gacor rtp live slot777 rtp live terlengkap rtp microgaming rtp microgaming hari ini rtp nexus engine rtp nolimit city rtp pay4d rtp pg slot rtp pg soft rtp pg soft hari ini rtp pg soft live rtp pragmatic play rtp pragmatic play hari ini rtp pragmatic play live rtp situs slot777 rtp slot gacor rtp slot gacor hari ini rtp slot gacor hari ini pragmatic rtp slot habanero hari ini rtp slot hari ini pragmatic play rtp slot indonesia rtp slot kamboja rtp slot maxwin rtp slot mpo rtp slot pay4d rtp slot pg rtp slot pragmatic rtp slot pragmatic play rtp slot spadegaming rtp slot terbaru rtp slot thailand rtp slot vip rtp slot777 rtp slot777 hari ini rtp slot88 rtp spadegaming rumus angka jitu rumus slot gacor rumus togel jitu rumus togel terpercaya sabung ayam online sakuku slot sbo sport scatter hitam gacor scatter hitam mahjong semua situs infini88 semua situs slot mpo semua situs slot nexus slot 10 ribu slot 10000 slot 10000 login slot 10000 tanpa potongan slot 2025 slot 2025 bonus new member 100 slot 2025 gacor slot 2025 tanpa deposit slot 2025 terbaru slot 2025 terpercaya slot 303 slot 88 slot akun baru gacor slot akun demo slot akun demo anti lag slot akun demo gacor slot akun demo gratis slot akun demo mahjong slot akun demo mirip asli slot akun demo pg slot akun demo pg soft slot akun demo pragmatic slot akun demo pragmatic rupiah slot akun demo rupiah slot akun demo tanpa daftar slot akun pro slot akun pro vietnam slot akun rusia slot akun thailand slot akun wso slot akurat slot aladdin slot aladin slot aman slot aman dan terpercaya slot amerika slot android slot anti rungkad server luar slot anti rungkadslot depo 5k slot anti rungkat slot anti rungkat 2025 slot anti rungkat demo slot anti rungkat server luar slot anti rungkat terpercaya slot apa yang gacor hari ini slot artinya slot asli thailand slot auto maxwin slot auto menang slot aztec demo slot aztec gacor slot bagus hari ini slotbangjago slot bang jago slot banjir scatter slot banyak bonus slot banyak bonus 2025 slot banyak bonus new member slot banyak cashback slot banyak free spin slot banyak jackpot slot banyak promo slot baru daftar dapat bonus slot baru daftar dapat bonus tanpa deposit slot baru gacor slot baru rilis gacor slot bayar pakai qris slot bebas ip slot bergaransi slot bergaransi kekalahan slot bergaransi terbaru slot besar slot besar bonus slot besar terpercaya slot bet 10 ribu slot bet 100 slot bet 100 deposit 5000 slot bet 100 gacor slot bet 100 perak slot bet 100 perak server thailand slot bet 100 pragmatic slot bet 100 rupiah slot bet 100 rupiah gacor slot bet 200 gacor slot bet 200 perak terbaru slot bet 800 slot bet 800 gacor slot bet 800 perak slot bet 800 rupiah slot bet11 slot bet200 slot bet22 slot bet33 slot bet44 slot bet55 slot bet66 slot bet77 slot bet88 slot bet99 slot big bass gacor slot bigbass slot bisa klaim kekalahan slot bng slot bni slot bo kamboja slot bo thailand slot bonanza 88 slot bonanza gacor slot bonanza gacor demo slot bonanza gold demo slot bonanza gold rupiah slot bonanza maxwin slot bonanza paling gacor slot bonanza tanpa deposit slot bonanza terbaru slot bonanza xmas slot bonanza xmas demo slot bonanza88 slot bonus 50k slot bonus angpao slot bonus awal slot bonus awal tanpa deposit slot bonus bebas ip slot bonus begadang slot bonus besar slot bonus besar new member slot bonus besar to kecil slot bonus cashback slot bonus cashback terbesar slot bonus daftar slot bonus daftar tanpa deposit slot bonus deposit awal slot bonus deposit harian slot bonus deposit perdana slot bonus deposit pertama slot bonus deposit pulsa slot bonus deposit tanpa to slot bonus deposit tanpa turnover slot bonus deposit terbesar slot bonus di awal slot bonus di awal tanpa deposit slot bonus di depan slot bonus di depan to kecil slot bonus free spin slot bonus freechip slot bonus gacor slot bonus garansi slot bonus garansi kekalahan slot bonus gede slot bonus gratis slot bonus hari minggu slot bonus harian slot bonus harian terbesar slot bonus kaos slot bonus kekalahan slot bonus kemerdekaan slot bonus lucky spin slot bonus member slot bonus member baru slot bonus member baru tanpa deposit slot bonus member baru tanpa to slot bonus midnight slot bonus mingguan slot bonus mingguan hari selasa slot bonus mingguan senin slot bonus mingguan terbesar slot bonus natal slot bonus new member bebas ip slot bonus new member besar slot bonus new member di awal slot bonus new member di depan slot bonus new member paling besar slot bonus new member tanpa deposit slot bonus new member tanpa deposit 2025 slot bonus new member tanpa syarat slot bonus new member tanpa to slot bonus new member tanpa turnover slot bonus new member terbesar slot bonus new member to kecil slot bonus new member to rendah slot bonus pendaftaran slot bonus pendatang baru slot bonus pendatang baru tanpa deposit slot bonus perdana slot bonus petir slot bonus rebate setiap hari slot bonus referral terbesar slot bonus rollingan besar slot bonus rollingan setiap hari slot bonus rollingan terbesar slot bonus saldo slot bonus saldo member baru slot bonus saldo tanpa deposit slot bonus saldo tanpa deposit 2025 slot bonus selamat datang slot bonus setiap hari slot bonus tanpa deposit slot bonus tanpa deposit 2025 slot bonus tanpa deposit awal slot bonus tanpa syarat slot bonus tanpa syarat 2025 slot bonus tanpa to slot bonus tanpa turnover slot bonus terbanyak slot bonus terbesar slot bonus to slot bonus to kecil slot bonus to rendah slot bonus to x3 slot bonusnew member di awal to kecil slot booming slot caishen wins slot candy blitz slot casino slot casino online slot cepat slot claim bonus tanpa deposit slot claim bonus tanpa to slot claim free spin slot claim kekalahan slot daftar bonus saldo slot daftar dana slot daftar dapat bonus slot daftar dapat saldo gratis slot daftar gratis saldo slot daftar langsung dapat bonus slot daftar langsung dapat saldo gratis slot daftar pakai dana slot daftar pakai gopay slot daftar pakai ovo slot dan togel terpercaya slot dana 10 ribu slot dana 10000 slot dana 10rb slot dana 24 jam slot dana 5000 slot dana 66 slot dana deposit 10000 slot dana gacor slot dana terbaik slot dana terpercaya slot dapat bonus daftar slot dapat bonus deposit slot dapat bonus harian slot dapat bonus member baru slot dapat bonus new member slot dapat bonus sebelum deposit slot dapat bonus tanpa deposit slot dapat cashback slot dapat freechip slot dapat modal awal slot dapat saldo gratis slot demo anti lag slot demo anti lag gacor slot demo anti lag lengkap slot demo anti lag pg slot demo anti lag pg soft slot demo anti rungkad slot demo apk slot demo asli slot demo aztec bonanza slot demo aztec gems slot demo aztec gems deluxe slot demo aztec pg slot demo bandito slot demo bisa buy spin slot demo bisa maxwin slot demo bomb bonanza slot demo bonanza slot demo bonanza gacor slot demo bonanza gold slot demo bonanza gratis slot demo bonanza mania slot demo bonanza pyramid slot demo bonanza rupiah slot demo bonanza sweet slot demo bonanza xmas slot demo domino slot demo gacor slot demo gacor 500x maxwin slot demo gacor anti lag slot demo gacor auto maxwin slot demo gacor bonanza slot demo gacor gampang maxwin slot demo gacor gratis slot demo gacor hari ini slot demo gacor maxwin slot demo gacor maxwin 2025 slot demo gacor maxwin anti lag slot demo gacor maxwin olympus slot demo gacor maxwin tanpa daftar slot demo gacor maxwin x500 slot demo gacor mudah maxwin slot demo gacor olympus slot demo gacor parah slot demo gacor pragmatic slot demo gacor x500 slot demo garuda gems slot demo gate of olympus slot demo gate olympus slot demo gates slot demo gates of gatotkaca slot demo gates of olympus slot demo gates of olympus mania slot demo gates olympus slot demo gems bonanza slot demo gratis slot demo gratis anti lag slot demo gratis bonanza slot demo gratis free slot demo gratis gacor slot demo gratis habanero play no deposit slot demo gratis indonesia slot demo gratis maxwin slot demo gratis mirip asli slot demo gratis pg soft no deposit slot demo gratis pragmatic slot demo gratis pragmatic anti lag slot demo gratis pragmatic olympus slot demo gratis pragmatic play slot demo gratis pragmatic play no deposit slot demo gratis pragmatic tanpa daftar slot demo gratis rupiah slot demo gratis sugar rush slot demo gratis tanpa daftar slot demo gratis tanpa daftar pg soft slot demo gratis tanpa deposit slot demo gratis tanpa lag slot demo gratis terlengkap slot demo habanero slot demo hades slot demo heylink slot demo heylink gratis slot demo heylink me slot demo id slot demo indonesia slot demo joker jewel slot demo lengkap slot demo lucky neko slot demo madame destiny megaways slot demo madame megaways slot demo mahjong slot demo mahjong 1 slot demo mahjong 2 slot demo mahjong 3 slot demo mahjong anti lag slot demo mahjong panda slot demo mahjong ways slot demo mahjong ways 2 slot demo mainan slot demo maxwin bonanza slot demo maxwin gratis slot demo microgaming slot demo mirip asli slot demo neko slot demo no deposit slot demo no lag slot demo no limit slot demo nolimit city slot demo olympus slot demo olympus anti lag slot demo olympus gacor slot demo olympus gacor anti lag slot demo olympus gacor maxwin slot demo olympus gratis slot demo online gratis slot demo pakai rupiah slot demo paling gacor slot demo paragmatic slot demo pg slot demo pg anti lag slot demo pg bandito slot demo pg gratis slot demo pg gratis tanpa daftar slot demo pg lengkap slot demo pg lucky neko slot demo pg mahjong 2 slot demo pg pragmatic slot demo pg rupiah slot demo pg shop slot demo pg soft slot demo pg soft garuda gems slot demo pg soft heylink slot demo pg soft lengkap slot demo pg soft mahjong slot demo pg soft mahjong 2 slot demo pg soft mirip asli slot demo pg soft mirip asli tanpa daftar slot demo pg soft terbaru slot demo pg soft wild bandito slot demo pgs slot demo pgsoft slot demo pintu ajaib slot demo playstar slot demo pragmatic slot demo pragmatic anti lag slot demo pragmatic bonanza slot demo pragmatic bonanza gold slot demo pragmatic gratis slot demo pragmatic heylink slot demo pragmatic lengkap slot demo pragmatic mirip asli slot demo pragmatic play slot demo pragmatic play gacor slot demo pragmatic play gratis slot demo pragmatic rupiah slot demo pragmatic slot demo solo to slot demo pragmatic solo slot demo pragmatic solo to slot demo pragmatic sweet bonanza slot demo pragmatic tanpa daftar slot demo pragmatic tanpa deposit slot demo pragmatic terbaru slot demo pragmatic terlengkap slot demo pragmatik slot demo pragmatik play slot demo pragmatik terbaru slot demo princes slot demo princess slot demo princess xmas slot demo pyramid slot demo pyramid bonanza slot demo rp slot demo rp gratis slot demo rupiah slot demo rupiah anti lag slot demo rupiah asli slot demo rupiah gacor maxwin slot demo rupiah gratis slot demo rupiah indonesia slot demo rupiah pragmatic slot demo rupiah tanpa daftar slot demo seperti asli slot demo server luar slot demo slot slot demo slot to slot demo solo slot demo spaceman slot demo spaceman rupiah slot demo sugar rush slot demo sweet bonanza slot demo sweet bonanza rupiah slot demo sweet bonanza xmas slot demo tanpa akun slot demo tanpa daftar slot demo tanpa daftar akun slot demo tanpa deposit slot demo tanpa lag slot demo terbaru slot demo terbaru 2025 slot demo terlengkap slot demo terlengkap gratis slot demo the hand of midas slot demo wild bandito slot demo wso slot demo xmas slot demo zeus slot demo zeus gacor maxwin slot demo zeus vs hades slot dengan bonus new member slot dengan dana slot dengan game terlengkap slot dengan rtp tinggi slot dengan to kecil slot dengan to rendah slot depo 10 slot depo 10 ribu slot depo 10k dana slot depo 10k gopay slot depo 10k ovo slot depo 10k pulsa slot depo 10k qris slot depo 10k via dana slot depo 5000 slot depo 5000 dana slot depo 5000 gacor slot depo 5000 qris slot depo 5000 wd 20 slot depo 5k pulsa slot depo 5k via dana slot depo bebas slot depo ceban slot depo dana slot depo goceng slot depo gopay slot depo gopay 10rb slot depo kecil slot depo kecil bonus 100 slot depo linkaja slot depo min 1k slot depo minimal 1000 slot depo minimal 20k slot depo new member 100 slot depo ovo slot depo pakai dana slot depo pakai gopay slot depo pakai ovo slot depo pulsa slot depo pulsa 5k slot depo pulsa dapat bonus slot depo pulsa m3 slot depo pulsa tanpa potongan slot depo qris slot depo qris 10k slot depo rendah slot depo via dana slot depo via linkaja slot depo via ovo slot depo via pulsa slot depo via pulsa xl slot depo via qris slot depo voucher slot depo10 slot depo25 slot deposit slot deposit 10 bonus 10 slot deposit 10 ribu slot deposit 10 ribu bonus 15 slot deposit 10 ribu dapat bonus slot deposit 10 ribu gacor slot deposit 10 ribu tanpa potongan slot deposit 10 ribu via dana slot deposit 100 slot deposit 100 jadi 200 slot deposit 1000 slot deposit 1000 tanpa potongan slot deposit 1000 via dana slot deposit 1000 via gopay slot deposit 10000 slot deposit 10000 tanpa potongan slot deposit 10000 via dana slot deposit 100rb slot deposit 10k bonus 10k slot deposit 10k qris slot deposit 10rb slot deposit 10rb bonus 15rb slot deposit 10rb bonus 15rb to kecil slot deposit 15 bonus 30 slot deposit 15 ribu slot deposit 15k bonus 15k slot deposit 1k slot deposit 1k via dana slot deposit 1rb slot deposit 20 slot deposit 20 bonus 30 ribu slot deposit 20 bonus 30 to 5x slot deposit 20 bonus 30 to kecil slot deposit 20 ribu bonus 30 ribu slot deposit 2000 slot deposit 20k bonus 20kslot deposit 2000 via dana slot deposit 20rb slot deposit 25 slot deposit 25 25 slot deposit 25 bonus 25 slot deposit 25 bonus 25 to 3x slot deposit 25 bonus 25 to kecil slot deposit 25 bonus 25 to x5 slot deposit 25 dapat 25 slot deposit 25 jadi 50 slot deposit 25 ribu slot deposit 25k bonus 25k slot deposit 25k bonus 25k to kecil slot deposit 2rb slot deposit 2rb via dana slot deposit 30 bonus 30 to 3x slot deposit 5000 pulsa slot deposit 5000 qris slot deposit 5000 rupiah slot deposit 5000 tanpa potongan slot deposit 5000 via dana slot deposit 5000 via qris slot deposit 50rb slot deposit 5k slot deposit 5k bonus 10k slot deposit 5k dana slot deposit 5k gacor slot deposit 5k qris slot deposit 5k via dana slot deposit 5rb slot deposit bank slot deposit bank 5000 slot deposit bank bca slot deposit bank bri slot deposit bank tanpa potongan slot deposit cepat slot deposit dana slot deposit dana 10 ribu slot deposit dana 10 ribu tanpa potongan slot deposit dana 10000 slot deposit dana 10rb slot deposit dana 2000 rupiah slot deposit dana 5000 slot deposit dana 5k slot deposit dana bonus 100 slot deposit dapat bonus slot deposit gopay slot deposit gopay 10rb slot deposit gopay 5000 slot deposit gopay terpercaya slot deposit gratis di awal slot deposit kecil slot deposit langsung dapat bonus slot deposit lewat ovo slot deposit linkaja slot deposit linkaja 5000 slot deposit minimal 10 ribu slot deposit minimal 1000 slot deposit minimal 10000 slot deposit minimal 10k slot deposit minimal 5k slot deposit new member 100 slot deposit ovo slot deposit ovo 10000 slot deposit ovo 10rb slot deposit ovo tanpa potongan slot deposit ovo terpercaya slot deposit pakai dana slot deposit pakai gopay slot deposit pakai ovo slot deposit pakai pulsa slot deposit pakai qris slot deposit pertama dapat bonus slot deposit pulsa slot deposit pulsa 10 ribu slot deposit pulsa 10 ribu tanpa potongan slot deposit pulsa 100 tanpa potongan slot deposit pulsa 10000 tanpa potonganslot deposit pulsa 25 bonus 25 slot deposit pulsa 5000 slot deposit pulsa 5000 tanpa potongan slot deposit pulsa 5000 tanpa potongan 2025 slot deposit pulsa 5000 tanpa potongan bonus 100 slot deposit pulsa axis slot deposit pulsa bonus 100 slot deposit pulsa bonus new member slot deposit pulsa bonus new member 100 slot deposit pulsa dapat bonus slot deposit pulsa dapat bonus new member slot deposit pulsa im3 tanpa potongan slot deposit pulsa indosat slot deposit pulsa m3 slot deposit pulsa smartfren tanpa potongan slot deposit pulsa tanpa potongan 2025 slot deposit pulsa tanpa turnover slot deposit pulsa telkomsel slot deposit pulsa tri slot deposit pulsa tri 5000 tanpa potongan slot deposit pulsa tri tanpa potongan slot deposit pulsa xl slot deposit qris slot deposit qris 5000 slot deposit qris dana slot deposit qris ovo slot deposit qris shopeepay slot deposit sakuku slot deposit sakuku banyak bonus slot deposit shopeepay 10000 slot deposit tanpa slot deposit via dana slot deposit via dana 10 ribu slot deposit via dana 5000 slot deposit via gopay slot deposit via linkaja slot deposit via ovo slot deposit via ovo 10rb slot deposit via pulsa slot deposit via qris slot deposit voucher slot dewa olympus slot di kasih modal awal slot dijamin maxwin slot fastspin slot filipina slot forge olympus slot free slot free chip slot free deposit slot free saldo slot free spin slot free spin gratis slot free spin terbanyak slot freebet 30k tanpa deposit slot freebet new member slot freebet new member tanpa syarat slot freebet tanpa deposit slot freechip 2025 slot freechip 50k slot freechip 50k tanpa deposit slot freechip new member slot freechip tanpa deposit slot freechip tanpa deposit 2025 slot freechip tanpa syarat slot gacor 10 ribu slot gacor 10000 slot gacor 10k slot gacor 2025 bonus new member slot gacor 2025 bonus new member 100 slot gacor 2025 hari ini slot gacor 2025 terbaru slot gacor 5k slot gacor abis slot gacor akun baru slot gacor akun demo slot gacor aman terpercaya slot gacor anti rungkad slot gacor anti rungkat slot gacor anti rungkat terpercaya slot gacor asia slot gacor auto maxwin slot gacor banget slot gacor banyak bonus slot gacor bergaransi kekalahan slot gacor bisa maxwin slot gacor bola slot gacor bonanza slot gacor bonanza xmas slot gacor bonus slot gacor bonus besar slot gacor bonus deposit slot gacor bonus member baru slot gacor bonus new member slot gacor bonus new member 100 slot gacor cashback 100 slot gacor cepat maxwin slot gacor dan pola hari ini slot gacor dan terpercaya slot gacor dana 10000 slot gacor dapat bonus slot gacor dapat bonus deposit slot gacor demo slot gacor depo 10 slot gacor depo 10 bonus 15 slot gacor depo 10k slot gacor depo 10k via dana slot gacor depo 20 slot gacor depo 20 bonus 20 slot gacor depo 20 bonus 30 slot gacor depo 20k slot gacor depo 25 jadi 50 slot gacor depo 5 ribu slot gacor depo 5k slot gacor depo dana slot gacor depo kecil slot gacor depo pulsa tanpa potongan slot gacor depo qris slot gacor deposit 10 ribu slot gacor deposit 10000 slot gacor deposit 10k slot gacor deposit 20 slot gacor deposit 20k slot gacor deposit 25 bonus 25 slot gacor deposit 25 ribu slot gacor deposit 25k bonus 25k slot gacor deposit 50 bonus 50 slot gacor deposit 5000 slot gacor deposit 5k slot gacor deposit dana 10 ribu slot gacor deposit dana 5000 slot gacor deposit gopay slot gacor deposit ovo slot gacor deposit pakai qris slot gacor deposit pulsa slot gacor deposit pulsa 10 ribu tanpa potongan slot gacor deposit pulsa tanpa potongan slot gacor deposit qris slot gacor deposit via dana slot gacor deposit via qris slot gacor di jamin maxwin slot gacor filipina slot gacor freespin slot gacor gampang jp slot gacor gampang maxwin slot gacor gampang maxwin 2025 slot gacor gampang maxwin hari ini slot gacor gampang maxwin pragmatic play slot gacor gampang menang slot gacor gampang menang 2025 slot gacor gampang menang hari ini slot gacor gampang menang maxwin slot gacor gampang menang terpercaya slot gacor gampang scatter slot gacor garansi kekalahan slot gacor garansi kekalahan 100 slot gacor gates of olympus slot gacor gates of olympus hari ini slot gacor gatot kaca slot gacor gopay slot gacor gratis saldo slot gacor habanero slot gacor hari ini depo 10 ribu slot gacor hari ini depo 10k slot gacor hari ini depo 5k slot gacor hari ini deposit 10 ribu slot gacor hari ini deposit pulsa tanpa potongan slot gacor hari ini rtp slot gacor hari ini via dana slot gacor indonesia slot gacor infini88 slot gacor jackpot slot gacor jackpot sensational slot gacor jackpot terbesar slot gacor jepang slot gacor kamboja slot gacor live slot gacor luar negeri slot gacor maxwin pragmatic play slot gacor microgaming slot gacor minimal depo 10k slot gacor minimal depo 5k slot gacor modal 10k slot gacor modal 5k slot gacor mudah jackpot slot gacor mudah maxwin slot gacor mudah menang slot gacor nexus slot gacor ovo slot gacor pagi ini slot gacor pakai dana slot gacor pakai gopay slot gacor pakai ovo slot gacor paling banyak menang slot gacor paling hot slot gacor pasti maxwin slot gacor pay4d slot gacor pg soft slot gacor pg soft 2025 slot gacor pragmatic play slot gacor pulsa slot gacor qris slot gacor resmi slot gacor saat ini slot gacor sering kasih jackpot online terbesar slot gacor server kamboja slot gacor server luar slot gacor server thailand slot gacor slot online slot gacor terbaik slot gacor terbaru slot gacor terbaru 2025 slot gacor terbaru sekarang slot gacor terpercaya slot gacor terpercaya 2025 slot gacor terpopuler slot gacor thailand slot gacor triofus slot gacor via dana slot gacor via gopay slot gacor via ovo slot gacor vietnam slot gacor x500 slot game online slot games idn slot games pragmatic play slot gampang slot gampang jackpot slot gampang jackpot besar slot gampang maxwin slot garansi slot garansi kekalahan 100 slot garansi kekalahan 100 persen slot garansi kekalahan 100 saldo kembali slot garansi kekalahan 100%25 slot garansi kekalahan 4d slot garansi kekalahan bebas ip slot garansi kekalahan tanpa to slot gatot kaca slot goceng slot gopay 10 ribu slot gopay 24 jam slot gopay bonus new member slot gopay gacor slot gopay tanpa potongan slot gopay terbaik slot gopay terpercaya slot gratis tanpa deposit slot habanero gacor slot habanero rtp tertinggi slot hacksaw slot idn play slot idn terbaik slot idn terbaru slot indonesia slot indonesia gacor slot indonesia paling gacor slot infini88 gacor slot infini88 terbaru slot jackpot slot jackpot besar slot jackpot hari slot jackpot hari ini slot jackpot harian slot jackpot maxwin slot jackpot online slot jackpot terbaru slot jackpot terbesar slot jackpot terpercaya slot jackpot terus slot jepang slot jepang 88 slot jepang bet slot jepang gacor slot joker gaming slot joker123 slot judi online terpercaya slot kakek petir slot kamboja slot kamboja gacor slot kamboja maxwin slot kamboja mudah menang slot kamboja resmi slot kamboja winrate tertinggi slot langsung maxwin slot lewat dana slot link thailand slot linkaja 5000 slot linkaja deposit 5000 slot luar gacor slot luar jackpot terbesar slotluar negeri kamboja slot luar negeri thailand slot luar negeri vietnam slot luar negri slot mahjong bet 200 slot mahjong gacor malam ini slot mahjong gampang menang slot malaysia indonesia slot mandiri slot mania olympus slot max slot maxwin hari ini slot maxwin jackpot slot maxwin kamboja slot maxwin malam ini slot maxwin scatter terus slot micro gaming slot microgaming mudah menang slot min depo 10k slot min depo 5k slot min deposit 10k slot min deposit 5k slot minimal depo 10000 slot minimal depo 10k slot minimal depo 5k slot minimal deposit slot minimal deposit 10000 slot minimal deposit 10k slot minimal deposit 5000 via dana slot minimal deposit 5k slot minimal withdraw 10 ribu slot modal 10 ribu slot mudah slot mudah deposit slot mudah jackpot slot mudah jackpot besar slot mudah maxwin slot mudah menang jackpot slot mudah scatter slot nexus bonus 100 slot nexus engine slot nexus engine terbaik slot nexus engine terbaru slot no 1 di indonesia slot no 1 indonesia slot nolimit city slot nolimit city indonesia slot nomor 1 di indonesia slot olympus zeus slot online banyak jackpot slot online deposit slot online deposit 10 ribu slot online deposit 10000 slot online deposit 10k slot online deposit 5k slot online deposit gopay slot online deposit ovo slot online deposit pulsa 10 ribu tanpa potongan slot online deposit qris slot online deposit via gopay slot online gacor slot online gopay slot online habanero slot online jackpot slot online joker gaming slot online kamboja slot online microgaming slot online minimal deposit 10000 slot online ovo slot online pakai dana slot online pakai ovo slot online pay4d slot online pulsa slot online resmi slot online server thailand slot online spadegaming slot online terbaik slot online via dana slot online via gopay slot online vietnam slot ovo gacor slot pakai akun dana slot pakai dana slot pakai dana gacor slot pakai dana minimal 10rb slot pakai gopay slot pakai linkaja slot pakai ovo slot pakai pulsa slot pakai pulsa tanpa potongan slot pakai qris slot pakai qris dana slot pakai sakuku slot pake dana slot pake gopay slot pake ovo slot pake pulsa slot paling banyak bonus slot paling gacor slot paling gacor di indonesia slot paling gacor hari ini slot paling gampang maxwin slot paling populer slot pasti dibayar slot pasti maxwin slot pasti profit slot pasti withdraw slot pay4d gacor slot paypal slot penghasil saldo dana slot penghasil saldo dana tanpa deposit slot petir slot pg soft slot pg soft bet 100 slot pg soft bet murah slot pg soft gacor slot pg soft gacor hari ini slot pg soft terbaik slot pg soft vietnam slot playngo slot playson slot playtech slot populer slot pragmatic play slot pragmatic zeus slot pro kamboja slot promosi besar slot provider thailand slot pulsa 10 ribu slot pulsa 10 ribu tanpa potongan slot pulsa tanpa potongan gacor slot qris gacor slot qris gopay slot qris ovo slot receh 10000 slot receh 5000 slot receh gacor slot relax gaming slot resmi slot resmi 2025 slot resmi gacor slot resmi indonesia slot resmi terpercaya slot resmi thailand slot rtp slot rtp gacor slot sakuku slot sbobet slot scatter hitam slot sering jackpot slot sering maxwin slot server filipina super gacor slot server indonesia slot server infini88 slot server jepang pro slot server kamboja no 1 slot server kamboja sering profit slot server kamboja super gacor slot server kamboja vip slot server kamboja winrate tertinggi slot server nexus slot server nexus engine slot server thailand gacor slot server thailand no 1 slot server thailand super gacor slot server thailand terpercaya slot server vietnam slot server vietnam super gacor slot shopeepay 10000 slot situs kamboja slot situs thailand slot skywind slot spaceman slot spaceman gacor slot spade gaming slot spin gratis slot sugar supreme slot super gacor 2025 slot super gacor server thailand aman terpercaya slot tanpa batasan slot tanpa potongan slot tanpa potongan pulsa slot tanpa potongan sama sekali slot tanpa verifikasi slot telkomsel slot terbaik slot terbaik dan terpercaya slot terbaik di indonesia slot terbaik indonesia slot terbaik saat ini slot terbaru slot terbaru gacor slot terbaru kamboja slot terbaru terpercaya slot tergacor di indonesia slot termurah slot terpercaya slot terpercaya di indonesia slot terpercaya gacor slot terpercaya indonesia slot terpercaya mudah maxwin slot terpercaya server thailand slot terpercaya terbaru slot terpopuler slot thailand anti rungkad slot thailand asli slot thailand bonus slot thailand gacor slot thailand gacor hari ini slot thailand login slot thailand no 1 slot thailand paling gacor slot top up 10 ribu slot top up gopay slot toptrend gaming slot triofus slot ultimate gaming situs agen judi online situs agen sbobet situs agen slot situs agen togel situs alchemy gold gacor situs angka main togel situs angka togel hari ini situs anime situs baccarat deluxe gacor situs bali vacation gacor situs bandar togel aman situs battleground royale gacor situs bet togel 4d situs betting togel 100 perak situs bocoran togel hari ini situs bola sbobet situs bonus ajak teman situs bonus ajak teman 100%25 situs bonus besar situs buffalo win gacor situs butterfly blossom gacor situs candy bonanza gacor situs candy burst gacor situs cara kombinasi angka togel situs cara pasang togel situs casino situs casino online aman situs casino online togel situs circus delight gacor situs daftar togel online situs dana slot situs data hasil togel situs depo pulsa indosat situs depo pulsa m3 situs depo pulsa tanpa potongan situs depo pulsa tri situs deposit 10 bonus 15k slot situs deposit 10k bonus 15k situs deposit 10rb bonus 15rb situs deposit 15 bonus 20 situs deposit 15 bonus 25 situs deposit 15k bonus 15k situs deposit 20 bonus 20 situs deposit 20 bonus 30 situs deposit 20 dapat 30 situs deposit 20k bonus 30k situs deposit 25 bonus 25 situs deposit 25 jadi 50 situs deposit 25k bonus 25k situs deposit 30 bonus 30 situs deposit 5 ribu situs deposit 50 bonus 50 situs deposit 50 jadi 100 situs deposit 5000 situs deposit 5000 dana situs deposit 50k bonus 50k situs deposit dana situs deposit pulsa situs deposit pulsa tanpa potongan situs destiny of sun %26 moon gacor situs diner delights gacor situs double fortun gacor situs dragon legend gacor situs emoji riches gacor situs emperor%e2%80%99s favour gacor situs fortune rabbit gacor situs freechip besar situs freechip tanpa syarat situs fruity candy gacor situs gacor bonus new member 100 situs gacor buat member baru situs gacor dan terpercaya situs gacor depo 10k situs gacor depo 25 bonus 25 situs gacor gampang maxwin situs gacor gampang menang situs gacor garansi situs gacor hari ini situs gacor hari ini maxwin situs gacor infini88 situs gacor langsung maxwin situs gacor luar negeri situs gacor mahjong situs gacor mahjong hari ini situs gacor mahjong malam ini situs gacor mahjong ways situs gacor mahjong ways 1 situs gacor mahjong ways 2 situs gacor malam ini situs gacor maxwin situs gacor maxwin hari ini situs gacor maxwin terpercaya situs gacor member baru situs gacor mudah menang situs gacor new member situs gacor new member 100 situs gacor pagi ini situs gacor pg soft situs gacor pola gacor situs gacor saat ini situs gacor sering maxwin situs gacor server luar situs gacor server thailand situs gacor slot situs gacor slot hari ini situs gacor terbaru situs gacor terpercaya situs gacor thailand situs galactic gems gacor situs game online situs game online gratis situs gampang maxwin situs gampang menang situs gampang scatter situs ganesha gold gacor situs garansi 100 situs garansi 4d situs garansi kekalahan situs garansi kekalahan 100 situs garansi kekalahan 100 persen situs garansi kekalahan 100 terbaru situs garansi kekalahan bebas ip situs garansi kekalahan tanpa to situs garansi kekalahan terbaru situs garansi slot situs garuda gems gacor situs gates of olympus situs gates of olympus slot situs gates of olympus tergacor situs gem saviour gacor situs genie%e2%80%99s 3 wishes gacor situs gopay slot situs guardians of ice %26 fire gacor situs gunung padang foto situs hawaiian tiki gacor situs hip hop panda gacor situs hood vs wolf gacor situs hotpot gacor situs idn situs idn poker situs idn slot situs idnplay situs infini88 situs infini88 gacor situs infini88 tergacor situsinfini88 terlengkap situs jack frost%e2%80%99s winter gacor situs jackpot togel situs jepang slot situs jewels of prosperity gacor situs joker situs judi bola online situs judi bola sbobet situs judi casino situs judi idn situs judi infini88 situs judi online situs judi online bola situs judi online gacor situs judi online luar negeri situs judi online resmi situs judi online terbaik situs judi online terbaru situs judi online tergacor situs judi online terpercaya situs judi pay4d situs judi poker situs judi sabung ayam online 24 jam situs judi sbobet situs judi selot situs judi slot situs judi slot dan livecasino situs judi slot deposit pulsa tanpa potongan situs judi slot deposit via gopay situs judi slot gacor maxwin situs judi slot luar negeri situs judi slot luar negeri terpercaya situs judi slot online situs judi slot online deposit gopay situs judi slot online deposit via pulsa 10 ribu situs judi slot online gampang menang situs judi slot online jackpot terbesar situs judi slot online luar negeri situs judi slot online resmi luar negeri situs judi slot paling gacor situs judi slot receh situs judi slot server thailand situs judi slot terbaik situs judi slot terbaik dan terpercaya no 1 di indonesia situs judi slot terbesar di indonesia situs judi slot terlengkap situs judi slot terpercaya situs judi slot thailand situs judi slot thailand terpercaya situs judi togel situs kamboja slot situs kasino online situs legend of hou yi gacor situs legend of perseus gacor situs legendary monkey king gacor situs live draw togel situs live game terpercaya situs live game terpercaya 2025 situs lucky clover lady gacor situs lucky piggy gacor situs mahjong situs mahjong gacor situs mahjong gacor hari ini situs mahjong paling gacor situs mahjong terbaik situs mahjong tergacor situs mahjong ways situs mahjong ways 2 situs mahjong ways 2 gacor situs mahjong ways 2 gacor hari ini situs mahjong ways gacor situs main gates of olympus situs majestic treasures gacor situs mask carnival gacor situs maxwin hari ini situs maxwin slot situs maxwin terbaru situs medusa gacor situs megalitikum situs member vip situs midas fortune gacor situs min depo 10k situs min depo 5000 situs min depo 5k situs min depo 5rb situs minimal depo 10k situs minimal depo 5000 situs minimal depo 5k situs mpo slot situs mpo terbaru situs mr. hallow-win gacor situs mudah scatter situs mystical spirits gacor situs new member situs new member 100 situs new member 100 di awal situs new member 100 persen situs new member 100 to 5x situs new member 100 to kecil situs new member 100 to rendah situs new member 200 situs new member bonus 100 situs new member gacor situs new member to kecil situs nexus situs nexus engine situs nexus slot situs nolimit city situs nonton film situs olympus gacor situs online situs online gacor situs online pagcor situs online paling gacor situs online paling gacor malam ini situs online terpercaya situs paling gacor situs paling gacor 2025 situs paling gacor hari ini situs paling gacor mahjong situs paling gacor malam ini situs paling gacor saat ini situs paling gacor sedunia situs paling gacor slot situs paling gacor terbaru situs paling gacor terpercaya situs parlay resmi situs pasaran togel terlengkap situs pay4d situs pay4d terbaru situs pay4d terpercaya situs permainan slot gacor situs pg soft terbaik situs phoenix rises gacor situs plushie frenzy gacor situs poker situs poker idn situs poker terbaru situs pragmatic infini88 situs pragmatic play situs prediksi akurat togel cambodia 2025 situs prediksi angka jitu situs prediksi angka togel situs prediksi cambodia anti meleset situs prediksi cambodia jitu situs prediksi china anti meleset situs prediksi china jitu situs prediksi hongkong anti meleset situs prediksi hongkong jitu situs prediksi jepang anti meleset situs prediksi jepang jitu situs prediksi singapore anti meleset situs prediksi singapore jitu situs prediksi sydney anti meleset situs prediksi taiwan jitu situs prediksi togel situs prediksi togel akurat situs prediksi togel hari ini situs prediksi togel jitu situs prediksi togel macau jitu situs prediksi togel paling akurat situs prediksi togel sdy jitu situs prediksi togel sgp jitu situs prediksi togel singapore situs prediksi togel terpercaya situs prediksi totomacau4d anti meleset situs prediksi totomacau5d anti meleset situs prediksi ttm4d jitu situs prediksi ttm5d jitu situs pro jepang slot situs promo 100 situs promo new member situs promo new member 100 situs promo slot situs promo to kecil situs prosperity fortune tree gacor situs prosperity lion gacor situs provider slot gacor situs queen of bounty gacor situs rave party fever gacor situs reel love gacor situs resmi joker gaming situs resmi pragmatic play situs resmi slot situs result togel tercepat situs rolet situs rooster rumble gacor situs rumus angka jitu situs rumus slot gacor situs rumus togel jitu situs rumus togel terpercaya situs santa%e2%80%99s gift rush gacor situs sbobet situs scatter hitam situs secrets of cleopatra gacor situs server luar situs server luar gacor situs server luar negeri situs server thailand situs shaolin soccer gacor situs situs judi casino situs slot situs slot 10 ribu situs slot akun demo situs slot aman dan terpercaya situs slot android situs slot anti rungkad situs slot anti rungkat situs slot apa yang gacor situs slot asli luar negeri situs slot auto menang situs slot banjir scatter situs slot bank bri online 24 jam situs slot bank bsi situs slot bank cimb niaga situs slot bank danamon situs slot banyak bonus situs slot banyak cashback situs slot banyak promo situs slot baru situs slot baru daftar langsung dapat bonus situs slot bebas ip situs slot bergaransi situs slot bergaransi 100 situs slot berlisensi situs slot besar terpercaya situs slot bet 100 situs slot bet 100 perak situs slot bet 100 perak pragmatic situs slot bet 100 rupiah situs slot bet 200 situs slot bet 800 situs slot bet kecil situs slot bet perak situs slot bet perak hadiah terbesar situs slot bet rupiah situs slot bet termurah situs slot bet via dana situs slot betting 100 perak situs slot bisa klaim kekalahan situs slot bisa pinjam saldo tanpa deposit situs slot bolak balik dibayar situs slot bonanza situs slot bonus situs slot bonus 30k situs slot bonus 50 situs slot bonus angpao situs slot bonus besar situs slot bonus besar to kecil situs slot bonus cashback 100 situs slot bonus cashback 100 terbaru situs slot bonus deposit situs slot bonus deposit 100 situs slot bonus deposit perdana situs slot bonus deposit tanpa to situs slot bonus di awal situs slot bonus di depan situs slot bonus free spin situs slot bonus freespin 30 situs slot bonus garansi 100 situs slot bonus garansi kekalahan situs slot bonus garansi kekalahan 100 situs slot bonus harian situs slot bonus harian terbesar situs slot bonus member baru situs slot bonus member baru 100 situs slot bonus mingguan situs slot bonus mingguan terbesar situs slot bonus new member situs slot bonus new member 200 situs slot bonus new member 30rb situs slot bonus new member 50 situs slot bonus new member di awal situs slot bonus new member paling besar situs slot bonus new member tanpa deposit situs slot bonus new member tanpa to situs slot bonus new member terbesar situs slot bonus new member to kecil situs slot bonus rollingan terbesar situs slot bonus saldo tanpa deposit situs slot bonus selamat datang situs slot bonus setiap hari situs slot bonus tanpa deposit situs slot bonus tanpa syarat 2025 situs slot bonus tanpa to situs slot bonus terbesar situs slot cashback situs slot cashback terbesar situs slot casino online situs slot claim bonus situs slot claim bonus new member 100 situs slot claim free spin situs slot daftar dapat bonus situs slot daftar dapat bonus saldo situs slot daftar dapat saldo situs slot daftar dapat saldo gratis situs slot daftar dapat saldo gratis tanpa deposit situs slot daftar dapat saldo gratis tanpa deposit 2025 situs slot daftar langsung dapat bonus situs slot daftar langsung dapat bonus tanpa deposit situs slot daftar via gopay situs slot dan livecasino 4d online situs slot dan livecasino online situs slot dan livecasino resmi situs slot dan livecasino resmi terlengkap situs slot dan livecasino resmi terpercaya situs slot dan livecasino terbaik situs slot dan livecasino terbaik terpercaya situs slot dan livecasino terbesar situs slot dan livecasino tergacor situs slot dan livecasino terlengkap situs slot dan livecasino terpercaya 2025 situs slot dana situs slot dana terpercaya situs slot dapat bonus situs slot dapat bonus new member situs slot dapat bonus new member tanpa deposit situs slot dapat bonus tanpa deposit situs slot dapat cashback situs slot dapat saldo gratis situs slot dapat saldo gratis tanpa deposit situs slot demo situs slot demo gacor maxwin situs slot demo gacor x500 situs slot demo gratis situs slot demo pragmatic situs slot demo pragmatic play situs slot demo tanpa daftar situs slot dengan bonus besar situs slot dengan bonus mingguan terbesar situs slot dengan bonus new member 100 situs slot dengan game terlengkap situs slot dengan rtp tinggi situs slot dengan to kecil situs slot depo situs slot depo 10k situs slot depo 15k situs slot depo 20 situs slot depo 20k situs slot depo 5000 situs slot depo 5k situs slot depo 5k wd 500k situs slot depo dana situs slot depo dapat bonus situs slot depo kecil situs slot depo lewat dana situs slot depo pakai dana situs slot depo pakai ovo situs slot depo pulsa situs slot depo pulsa 10k situs slot depo pulsa 5k situs slot depo pulsa tanpa potongan situs slot depo qris situs slot depo via qris situs slot depo25 situs slot deposit 10 ribu situs slot deposit 1000 situs slot deposit 10000 situs slot deposit 10rb situs slot deposit 5000 situs slot deposit 5000 bet 200 situs slot deposit 5000 tanpa potongan situs slot deposit 5000 via dana situs slot deposit 5k situs slot deposit bonus 100 situs slot deposit dana situs slot deposit gopay situs slot deposit ovo situs slot deposit pakai qris situs slot deposit pulsa situs slot deposit pulsa axis situs slot deposit pulsa m3 situs slot deposit pulsa tanpa potongan situs slot deposit pulsa telkomsel situs slot deposit pulsa xl situs slot deposit qris situs slot deposit via dana situs slot deposit via gopay situs slot deposit via ovo situs slot deposit via qris situs slot dijamin jackpot situs slot dijamin jp paus situs slot dijamin maxwin situs slot gacor situs slot gacor asia situs slot gacor bonus besar situs slot gacor deposit 10 ribu situs slot gacor deposit gopay situs slot gacor gampang maxwin situs slot gacor hari ini situs slot gacor hari ini via dana situs slot gacor jackpot situs slot gacor jam ini via dana situs slot gacor kamboja situs slot gacor live situs slot gacor maxwin situs slot gacor min depo 10k situs slot gacor min depo 5k situs slot gacor mudah menang situs slot gacor paling banyak menang situs slot gacor paling hot situs slot gacor pg soft situs slot gacor pg soft bet 200 situs slot gacor pragmatic play situs slot gacor saat ini situs slot gacor server thailand situs slot gacor terbaik situs slot gacor terbaru situs slot gacor terbaru 2025 situs slot gacor terbaru sekarang situs slot gacor terpercaya situs slot gacor terpercaya 2025 situs slot gacor terpopuler situs slot gacor thailand situs slot gacor triofus situs slot gacor via dana situs slot gacor vietnam situs slot gampang jackpot situs slot gampang jackpot besar situs slot garansi kekalahan situs slot garansi kekalahan 100 situs slot gopay situs slot gopay terpercaya situs slot gratis tanpa deposit situs slot habanero gacor situs slot habanero gacor malam ini situs slot hujan scater situs slot idn situs slot indonesia situs slot indonesia paling gacor situs slot infini88 situs slot infini88 bonus 100 situs slot jackpot situs slot jackpot 100%25 situs slot jackpot harian situs slot jackpot terbesar situs slot jackpot terus situs slot jepang situs slot joker gaming situs slot judi online situs slot kamboja situs slot kamboja terbaik situs slot kamboja terpercaya situs slot kamboja winrate tertinggi situs slot linkaja situs slot luar negeri thailand situs slot mahjong terpercaya situs slot maxwin situs slot microgaming gacor situs slot min depo 10k situs slot min depo 5k situs slot minimal deposit situs slot minimal deposit 10 ribu situs slot minimal deposit 10000 situs slot mudah jackpot situs slot mudah jackpot besar situs slot mudah menang jackpot situs slot nexus situs slot nexus engine terbaru situs slot no 1 di indonesia situs slot no limit city gacor situs slot nolimit city situs slot nomor 1 di indonesia situs slot online situs slot online deposit gopay situs slot online deposit ovo situs slot online gacor situs slot online indonesia situs slot online mudah jackpot situs slot online terbaik situs slot online thailand situs slot online via gopay situs slot ovo situs slot pakai dana situs slot pakai gopay situs slot pakai linkaja situs slot pakai ovo situs slot pakai pulsa situs slot pakai qris situs slot paling banyak bonus situs slot paling gacor situs slot paling gacor hari ini situs slot paling gacor maxwin situs slot paling gacor terbaru situs slot paling gacor terpercaya situs slot paling lama situs slot paling lama dan terpercaya situs slot paling populer situs slot paling rekomendasi situs slot pasaran terbanyak situs slot pasaran terlengkap situs slot pasti dibayar situs slot pasti jackpot situs slot pasti maxwin situs slot pasti wd situs slot pay4d situs slot paypal situs slot pengguna baru daftar langsung dapat bonus situs slot pertama di indonesia situs slot pg soft situs slot pg soft bet 200 situs slot pg soft gacor situs slot pg soft gacor hari ini situs slot pg soft gacor malam ini situs slot playstar gacor situs slot pragmatic gacor situs slot pragmatic gacor malam ini situs slot pragmatic play situs slot princess situs slot pro situs slot promo situs slot promo 100 situs slot promo cashback 100 situs slot promo garansi kekalahan situs slot promo new member situs slot promo new member 100 situs slot promo new member 100 to kecil situs slot promo tanpa deposit situs slot promo terbaru situs slot promo to kecil situs slot promosi situs slot promosi besar situs slot pulsa situs slot pulsa tanpa potongan situs slot qris situs slot receh situs slot receh deposit bank situs slot referral terbesar situs slot rekomendasi situs slot resmi situs slot resmi 2025 situs slot resmi bonus cashback 100 situs slot resmi dan terpercaya situs slot resmi di indonesia situs slot resmi indonesia situs slot resmi luar negeri situs slot resmi terpercaya situs slot saldo gratis situs slot saldo gratis tanpa deposit situs slot scater hitam situs slot sering maxwin situs slot server filipina super gacor situs slot server kamboja situs slot server kamboja super gacor situs slot server luar situs slot server luar negeri situs slot server thailand situs slot server thailand super gacor situs slot server vietnam situs slot server vietnam super gacor situs slot slot resmi situs slot spaceman situs slot spin gratis situs slot starlight princess situs slot super gacor 2025 situs slot sweet bonanza situs slot sweet bonanza gacor situs slot tanpa batasan situs slot tanpa depo situs slot tanpa deposit situs slot tanpa deposit 2025 situs slot tanpa deposit awal situs slot tanpa deposit dapat bonus situs slot tanpa deposit new member situs slot tanpa deposit pertama situs slot tanpa potongan situs slot tanpa potongan pulsa situs slot tanpa potongan sama sekali situs slot tanpa turnover situs slot tanpa verifikasi situs slot teraman situs slot terbaik situs slot terbaik dan terpercaya no 1 situs slot terbaik di indonesia situs slot terbaik saat ini situs slot terbalik dibayar situs slot terbanyak member situs slot terbaru situs slot terbaru 2025 situs slot terbaru bonus new member situs slot terbaru dan gacor situs slot terbaru dan tergacor situs slot terbaru dan terpercaya situs slot terbaru gacor situs slot terbaru hari ini situs slot terbesar situs slot terbesar dan terpercaya situs slot terbesar di dunia situs slot terbesar di indonesia situs slot tergacor situs slot tergacor 2025 situs slot tergacor dan terpercaya situs slot tergacor hari ini situs slot terlengkap semua pasaran situs slot terpercaya situs slot terpercaya 2025 situs slot terpercaya bonus 100 situs slot terpercaya bonus new member situs slot terpercaya bonus new member 100 situs slot terpercaya dan gacor situs slot terpercaya deposit pulsa tanpa potongan situs slot terpercaya di indonesia situs slot terpercaya gacor situs slot terpercaya hadiah terbesar situs slot terpercaya minimal deposit 10 ribu situs slot terpercaya mudah maxwin situs slot terpercaya no 1 situs slot thailand situs slot thailand asli situs slot thailand deposit 5000 situs slot thailand gacor situs slot thailand tergacor situs slot thailand terpercaya situs slot toto macau dengan bet 100 perak situs slot turnover situs slot turnover kecil situs slot ultimate gaming situs slot untuk pemula situs slot via dana situs slot via dana bet 100 situs slot via gopay situs slot via linkaja situs slot via ovo situs slot via pulsa situs slot via pulsa tanpa potongan situs slot vietnam situs slot vietnam terpercaya situs slot wso situs slot yang ada spaceman situs slot yang sering kasih jackpot situs slot yang sering maxwin situs slot777 situs slot777 deposit pulsa tanpa potongan situs slot777 gacor situs slot777 link alternatif situs slot777 login situs slot777 resmi situs slot88 situs slotgacor situs songkran splash gacor situs spaceman situs spaceman slot situs speed winner gacor situs spirited wonders gacor situs super golf drive gacor situs supermarket spree gacor situs sv388 situs syair togel situs sydney togel situs terbaru gacor situs terbaru paling gacor situs terbaru slot situs tergacor situs tergacor 2025 situs tergacor dan terpercaya situs tergacor gampang maxwin situs tergacor hari ini situs tergacor mahjong situs tergacor malam ini situs tergacor saat ini situs terpercaya situs terpercaya 2025 situs terpercaya dan gacor situs terpercaya slot situs terpercaya togel situs thailand situs thailand gacor situs thailand paling gacor situs thailand slot situs thailand slot gacor situs thailand winrate tertinggi situs tidak dapat dijangkau situs tips slot gacor situs to kecil situs togel 2d situs togel 3d situs togel 6d situs togel aman resmi 2025 situs togel aman terpercaya situs togel bayaran tinggi situs togel bbfs situs togel bbfs 7 digit situs togel bebas inves situs togel besar situs togel bet 100 rupiah situs togel bolak balik dibayar situs togel bonus besar situs togel bri online 24 jam situs togel china situs togel colok bebas situs togel dan bola online situs togel deposit pulsa situs togel hadiah besar situs togel hadiah terbesar situs togel hongkong jitu situs togel jitu situs togel luar negeri terpercaya situs togel macau terpercaya situs togel online situs togel online resmi situs togel online terbaik situs togel online terbaru terpercaya situs togel online terpercaya situs togel online24jam terpercaya 2025 situs togel paling gacor situs togel resmi 2025 situs togel resmi dan terpercaya situs togel resmi luar negeri situs togel resmi terpercaya situs togel resmi toto situs togel server luar negeri situs togel server thailand situs togel singapore situs togel singapore jitu situs togel slot terpercaya situs togel sports situs togel terbaik dan terpercaya situs togel terbesar dan terpercaya situs togel terlengkap dan terpercaya situs togel terpercaya 2025 situs togel terpercaya hadiah terbesar situs togel terpercaya yang online situs togel thailand situs totem wonders gacor situs toto macau situs tree of fortune gacor server idn slot server infini88 server jackpot pay4d server jepang slot server kamboja slot server pay4d server slot kamboja server slot thailand server thailand slot server thailand slot gacor server vietnam slot servis thailand slot sicbo online silver thailand slot singapore online casino situs ultimate gaming situs ultimate gaming terbaru situs untuk main togel online terpercaya situs vampire%e2%80%99s charm gacor situs vietnam slot situs wild bandito gacor situs wild bounty showdown gacor situs wild coaster gacor situs wild fireworks gacor situs win win fish prawn crab gacor situs yang menghasilkan uang situs yang paling gacor situs yang sering maxwin situs zeus situs zeus gacor situs zeus gampang jp situs zeus paling gacor situs zeus slot skema slot olympus slot untuk pemula slot versi thailand slot via dana slot via dana 10k slot via dana 5k slot via dana gacor slot via gopay slot via gopay terpercaya slot via linkaja slot via ovo slot via ovo 10rb slot via pulsa slot via qris slot vietnam slot vietnam gacor slot vip thailand slot wd 10 ribu slot wd 10k slot winrate 99 slot withdraw 10 ribu slot withdraw dana slot xl slot yang bisa deposit 10 ribu slot yang bisa pakai qris slot yang lagi gacor slot yang minimal deposit 10 ribu slot yang mudah dapat jackpot slot yang pakai dana slot yang sering kasih jackpot slot yg bisa pakai dana slot ygg slot zeus maxwin slot777 4d slot777 deposit dana slot777 deposit pulsa tanpa potongan slot777 gacor slot777 indonesia slot777 link alternatif slot777 login slot777 login link alternatif slot777 login online slot777 online slot777 online login slot777 pulsa slot777 resmi slot777 resmi indonesia slot777 terpercaya slot777 terpercaya di indonesia slot88 akun jp slot88 daftar slot88 gacor slot88 link alternatif slot88 login slot88 online slot88 pragmatic slot88 pulsa tanpa potongan slot88 rtp spadegaming spadegaming login spadegaming slot starlight princess slot indonesia toto 176 toto bet toto dana toto hoki toto royal tembak ikan tembak ikan android tembak ikan iphone tembak ikan pragmatic tembak ikan terbaik tembak ikan terpercaya thailand slot thailand slot online thailand slot88 togel 5000 togel aman resmi 2025 togel aman terpercaya togel casino togel casino 4d togel deposit pulsa togel hadiah besa togel hongkong jitu togel online resmibd togel online terbaik togel online terbaru terpercaya togel singapore jitu trik slot bonanza trik slot maxwin trik slot olympus trik slot princess trik slot zeus triofus judi slot triofus pragmatic slot triofus slot triofus slot gacor ourastore r7store bkentstore empeshop speedtoto xinnstore sbobet indslot cmd368 ubobet sbotop indonesia sbotop login sbotop mobile app sbotop sports betting sbotop casino sbotop live betting sbotop promotions sbotop bonus sbotop customer service sbotop registration how to deposit in sbotop how to withdraw from sbotop sbotop betting tips sbotop virtual sports sbotop live streaming sbotop apk download is sbotop safe sbotop account verification sbotop esports sbotop referral program sbobet indonesia sbobet login sbobet asia sbobet mobile app sbobet sports betting sbobet casino sbobet live betting sbobet promotions sbobet bonus sbobet customer service sbobet registration how to deposit in sbobet how to withdraw from sbobet sbobet betting tips sbobet live streaming sbobet apk download is sbobet safe sbobet account verification sbobet esports sbobet referral program ibcbet indonesia ibcbet login ibcbet mobile app ibcbet sports betting ibcbet casino ibcbet live betting ibcbet promotions ibcbet bonus ibcbet customer service ibcbet registration how to depositin ibcbet how to withdraw from ibcbet ibcbet betting tips ibcbet live streaming ibcbet apk download is ibcbet safe ibcbet account verification ibcbet virtual sports ibcbet esports ibcbet referral program judi bola indonesia cara menang judi bola prediksi judi bola judi bola resmi strategi judi bola pasaran judi bola agen judi bola judi bola terbaik tips judi bola judi bola live judi bola mix parlay panduan judi bola judi bola menang judi bola tanpa deposit peraturan judi bola aplikasi judi bola taruhan bola online cara taruhan bola situs taruhan bola terpercaya taruhan bola indonesia prediksi taruhan bola tips taruhan bola pasaran taruhan bola strategi taruhan bola agen taruhan bola taruhan bola terbaik taruhan bola resmi taruhan bola handicap taruhan bola mix parlay panduan taruhan bola aplikasi taruhan bola taruhan bola no deposit cara membaca odds taruhan bola jenis taruhan bola risiko taruhan bola maxbet indonesia maxbet login maxbet sports betting maxbet mobile app maxbet casino maxbet live betting maxbet promotions maxbet bonus maxbet customer service maxbet registration how to deposit in maxbet how to withdraw from maxbet maxbet betting tips maxbet live streaming maxbet apk download is maxbet safe maxbet account verification maxbet virtual sports maxbet esports maxbet referral program cara main sbobet bank bca cara main sbobet bank bri cara main sbobet bank bni cara main sbobet bank jago cara main sbobet bank mandiri cara main sbobet seabank cara main sbobet dana cara main sbobet qris cara main sbobet ovo cara main sbobet gopay cara main sbobet bank neo cara main sbobet allobank cara main sbobet rabobank cara main sbobet citibank cara main sbobet shopeepay cara main sbobet alfamart cara main sbobet indomart cara main sbobet steam wallet cara main sbobet bitcoin cara main sbobet ethereum sabung ayam live streaming nonton sabung ayam live jadwal sabung ayam live situs sabung ayam live sabung ayam live hari ini cara nonton sabung ayam aplikasi sabung ayam live arena sabung ayam live live sabung ayam s128 sabung ayam live tanpa lag nonton sabung ayam tanpa iklan channel sabung ayam live sabung ayam live gratis sabung ayam live di hp link sabung ayam live streaming sabung ayam cepat sabung ayam live hd sabung ayam live facebook sabung ayam live youtube jenis ayam filipina ciri ayam filipina harga ayam filipina cara merawat ayam filipina ayam filipina asli jual beli ayam filipina keunggulan ayam filipina ayam filipina untuk sabung pakan ayam filipina karakteristik ayam filipina perbandingan ayam filipina dan lokal budidaya ayam filipina peternakan ayam filipina persilangan ayam filipina ayam filipina import pasar ayam filipina ayam filipina di indonesia ayam filipina juara ayam aduan filipina ayam filipina termahal cara main sabong taji aturan sabong taji sejarah sabong taji strategi sabong taji jenis taji sabong sabong taji di filipina sabong taji live sabong taji legal harga taji sabong turnamen sabong taji sabong taji indonesia sabong taji online teknik sabong taji taji ayam terbaik latihan sabong taji sabung ayam taji pisau sabong taji aman sabong taji juara persiapan sabong taji sabong taji peraturan cara pasang taruhan ayam strategi pasang ayam tempat pasang ayam di indonesia peraturan pasang ayam tips menang pasang ayam pastikan keamanan pasang ayam pasang ayam online aplikasi pasang ayam pasang ayam terpercaya pasang ayam via hp pasang ayam secara legal pasang ayam taruhan tinggi cara bergabung pasang ayam promosi pasang ayam pasang ayam tanpa modal pasang ayam cepat menang forum pasang ayam pasang ayam live bimbingan pasang ayam panduan pasang ayam taruhan ayam online cara taruhan ayam strategi menang taruhan ayam jenis taruhan ayam peraturan taruhan ayam tempat taruhan ayam resmi tips aman taruhan ayam sejarah taruhan ayam taruhan ayam terpercaya taruhan ayam di indonesia pasang taruhan ayam betting ayam online forum taruhan ayam turnamen taruhan ayam aplikasi taruhan ayam legalitas taruhan ayam taruhan ayam filipina modal taruhan ayam hasil taruhan ayam taruhan ayam live berapa modal taruhan ayam minimum modal taruhan ayam tips modal taruhan ayam cara kelola modal taruhan ayam strategi modal taruhan ayam modal taruhan ayam pemula modal taruhan ayam kecil persiapan modal taruhan ayam menghitung modal taruhan ayam modal awal taruhan ayam modal taruhan ayam aman modal taruhan ayam cepat balik modal taruhan ayam efektif perlunya modal taruhan ayam slot deposit 5000 taruhan ayam dengan modal terbatas risiko modal taruhan ayam modal taruhan ayam menguntungkan pentingnya modal taruhan ayam besar modal taruhan ayam contoh modal taruhan ayam cara pasang sabung ayam aturan pasang sabung ayam strategi pasang sabung ayam tips menang pasang sabung ayam pasang sabung ayam online tempat pasang sabung ayam pasang sabung ayam terpercaya keamanan pasang sabung ayam pasang sabung ayam di indonesia legalitas pasang sabung ayam taruhan pasang sabung ayam promosi pasang sabung ayam pasang sabung ayam live pasang sabung ayam via aplikasi cara daftar pasang sabung ayam forum pasang sabung ayam pengalaman pasang sabung ayam prediksi pasang sabung ayam peluang pasang sabung ayam kunci sukses pasang sabung ayam sv388 login sv388 daftar sv388 apk cara main sv388 sv388 terpercaya sv388 sabung ayam promo sv388 tips menang di sv388 sv388 live review sv388 aplikasi sv388 sv388 resmi sv388 event khusus panduan sv388 keluhan sv388 keamanan sv388 strategi sv388 sv388 bonus sv388 customer service peraturan sv388 club388 login club388 daftar club388 apk cara main club388 promosi club388 club388 bonus panduan club388 keluhan club388 event club388 strategi club388 club388 sabung ayam club388 resmi club388 customer service club388 android club388 ios s128 sabung ayam s128 login cara daftar s128 s128 apk download s128 live streaming s128 terpercaya promo s128 panduan s128 legalitas s128 s128 customer service s128 bonus review s128 s128 di indonesia strategi menang s128 keamanan s128 event s128 aplikasi s128 s128 di android s128 ios s128 terbaru ws168 login cara daftar ws168 ws168 terpercaya ws168 apk download panduan ws168 ws168 promo strategi menang ws168 ws168 bonus keamanan ws168 review ws168 slot gacor aplikasi ws168 legalitas ws168 ws168 customer service ws168 di indonesia ws168 terbaru ws168 di android cara taruhan di ws168 ws168 ios event ws168 tips menang ws168 cf88 login cf88 download cara daftar cf88 cf88 terpercaya review cf88 keamanan cf88 cf88 bonus strategi menang cf88 cf88 apk cf88 ios panduan cf88 promosi cf88 event cf88 cf88 live cf88 customer service legalitas cf88 cf88 di indonesia aplikasi cf88 cf88 terbaru cf88 di android digmaan situs resmi digmaan apk download digmaan login cara daftar digmaan digmaan terpercaya panduan digmaan legalitas digmaan strategi menang digmaan digmaan ios digmaan android review digmaan bonus digmaan keamanan digmaan digmaan live customer service digmaan digmaan di indonesia aplikasi digmaan promo digmaan event digmaan digmaan terbaru cf88 s128 digmaan sv388 deposit bank bca sv388 deposit bank bri sv388 deposit bank bni sv388 deposit bank jago sv388 deposit bank mandiri sv388 deposit seabank sv388 deposit dana sv388 deposit qris sv388 deposit ovo sv388 deposit gopay sv388 deposit linkaja sv388 deposit linkqu sv388 deposit bank aladin sv388 deposit bank bsi sv388 deposit bank btpn sv388 deposit bank cimb sv388 deposit bank danamon sv388 deposit bank permata sv388 deposit bank panin sv388 deposit bank indonesia sv388 deposit bank buana sv388 deposit bank dbs sv388 deposit bank mnc sv388 deposit bank sampoerna sv388 deposit bank neo sv388 deposit allobank sv388 deposit rabobank sv388 deposit citibank sv388 deposit shopeepay sv388 deposit alfamart sv388 deposit indomart sv388 deposit steam wallet sv388 deposit bitcoin sv388 deposit ethereum hasil toto macau prediksi toto macau live draw toto macau cara bermain toto macau toto macau hari ini result toto macau toto macau terpercaya panduan toto macau data keluaran toto macau tips toto macau jadwal toto macau toto macau terbaru analisis toto macau cara menang toto macau toto macau online forum toto macau strategi toto macau toto macau pools toto macau prize prediksi togel singapura live draw togel singapura cara main togel singapura togel singapura terpercaya nomor keluar togel singapura pasaran togel singapura togel singapura resmi forum togel singapura togel singapura terbaru analisis togel singapura strategi togel singapura tips togel singapura buku mimpi togel singapura rumus togel singapura jadwal togel singapura live draw togel hongkong pasaran togel hongkong cara main togel hongkong nomor keluar togel hongkong togel hongkong resmi analisis togel hongkong strategi togel hongkong tips togel hongkong rumus togel hongkong buku mimpi togel hongkong toto hongkong hasil toto hongkong live draw toto hongkong data keluaran toto hongkong toto hongkong pools toto hongkong prize strategi toto hongkong analisis toto hongkong nomor keluar toto hongkong tips toto hongkong rumus toto hongkong toto hongkong terbaru hasil togel shanghai prediksi togel shanghai togel shanghai hari ini live draw togel shanghai data togel shanghai togel shanghai terpercaya cara bermain togel shanghai hitam slot Etsy   • Gifts   • 0 Cart   • Slot Mahjong   • Slot Gacor   • Situs Slot Gacor   • GAMING4D 🎉 SLOT X1000 SPESIAL DAPATKAN HADIAH BESAR SEKARANG Back to search results   • casino clipart,casino design,casino download,casino graphics,casino icons,casino illustrations,casino png,cute casino art,digital casino art,gambling clip art,gambling printables,lively casino images,poker clipart   • Loading      Hm, we’re having trouble loading this video.      Try to refresh the page or come back later.    • May include: A colorful graphic design featuring the iconic "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas, Nevada" sign with a starburst and a galaxy background. The sign is surrounded by colorful paint splatters and drips.   • May include: A colorful illustration of a casino scene with a roulette wheel, slot machine, playing cards, dice, and poker chips. The image is filled with vibrant colors and intricate details.   • 80 PNG, Casino Clipart, Fantasy Illustrations Casino Graphics, Gambling Printables, Digital Download, Unlimited Commercial Use for Crafts image 4   • 80 PNG, Casino Clipart, Fantasy Illustrations Casino Graphics, Gambling Printables, Digital Download, Unlimited Commercial Use for Crafts image 5   • May include: Four playing cards, including the Ace of Hearts, Ace of Spades, Ace of Clubs, and the King of Spades. The cards are in a vintage style with intricate designs and colorful illustrations.   • May include: A green felt roulette table with a wooden frame. The table has a spinning wheel with numbered slots, a betting layout, and stacks of chips.   • 80 PNG, Casino Clipart, Fantasy Illustrations Casino Graphics, Gambling Printables, Digital Download, Unlimited Commercial Use for Crafts image 8   • 80 PNG, Casino Clipart, Fantasy Illustrations Casino Graphics, Gambling Printables, Digital Download, Unlimited Commercial Use for Crafts image 9   • 80 PNG, Casino Clipart, Fantasy Illustrations Casino Graphics, Gambling Printables, Digital Download, Unlimited Commercial Use for Crafts image 10   • casino clipart,casino design,casino download,casino graphics,casino icons,casino illustrations,casino png,cute casino art,digital casino art,gambling clip art,gambling printables,lively casino images,poker clipart   • Product video   • May include: A colorful graphic design featuring the iconic "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas, Nevada" sign with a starburst and a galaxy background. The sign is surrounded by colorful paint splatters and drips.   • May include: A colorful illustration of a casino scene with a roulette wheel, slot machine, playing cards, dice, and poker chips. The image is filled with vibrant colors and intricate details.   • 80 PNG, Casino Clipart, Fantasy Illustrations Casino Graphics, Gambling Printables, Digital Download, Unlimited Commercial Use for Crafts image 4   • 80 PNG, Casino Clipart, Fantasy Illustrations Casino Graphics, Gambling Printables, Digital Download, Unlimited Commercial Use for Crafts image 5   • May include: Four playing cards, including the Ace of Hearts, Ace of Spades, Ace of Clubs, and the King of Spades. The cards are in a vintage style with intricate designs and colorful illustrations.   • May include: A green felt roulette table with a wooden frame. The table has a spinning wheel with numbered slots, a betting layout, and stacks of chips.   • 80 PNG, Casino Clipart, Fantasy Illustrations Casino Graphics, Gambling Printables, Digital Download, Unlimited Commercial Use for Crafts image 8   • 80 PNG, Casino Clipart, Fantasy Illustrations Casino Graphics, Gambling Printables, Digital Download, Unlimited Commercial Use for Crafts image 9   • 80 PNG, Casino Clipart, Fantasy Illustrations Casino Graphics, Gambling Printables, Digital Download, Unlimited Commercial Use for Crafts image 10 Report this item to Etsy  Banyak Dikunjungi 888.888 Orang Mengunjungi Dalam 24 Jam Terakhir  NowPrice:Rp. 88.888  Original Price: Rp. 888.888  Loading New markdown!  90% off  •  Limited time sale  GAMING4D 🎉 SLOT X1000 SPESIAL DAPATKAN HADIAH BESAR SEKARANG  GAMING4D Slot x5000 menawarkan multiplier besar, memberi kans kemenangan yang bisa merubah permainan dengan hasil spektakuler.  Slot Mahjong    Star Seller  Star Sellers have an outstanding track record for providing a great customer experience—they consistently earned 5-star reviews, shipped orders on time, and replied quickly to any messages they received.  5 out of 5 stars  You can only make an offer when buying a single item  Star Seller. This seller consistently earned 5-star reviews, shipped on time, and replied quickly to any messages they received.  Highlights    • Designed by Slot Mahjong   • Situs Slot Gacor Hari Ini   • Instat Maxwin  Slot Mahjong dikenal sebagai link situs slot gacor resmi terpercaya yang konsisten menghadirkan peluang maxwin hari ini bagi para pemain. Dengan reputasi yang terus berkembang, Slot Mahjong menjadi pilihan utama bagi pecinta slot online yang mengutamakan keamanan, legalitas, dan performa permainan yang stabil di berbagai kondisi.   Keunggulan Slot Mahjong terletak pada seleksi game slot online berkualitas terbaik dari provider resmi. Setiap permainan dioptimalkan dengan sistem yang adil, server responsif, serta akses yang lancar tanpa gangguan. Hal ini membuat pemain bisa fokus menikmati permainan dan memaksimalkan peluang kemenangan secara optimal.   Sebagai situs yang rajin memberikan maxwin, Slot Mahjong tidak hanya menawarkan hiburan, tetapi juga pengalaman bermain yang memuaskan. Kombinasi sistem terpercaya, variasi game gacor, dan kemudahan akses menjadikan Slot Mahjong sebagai link situs slot online yang layak diandalkan kapan saja.  Slot Gacor Maxwin  Slot Mahjong sudah dikenal sebagai situs slot gacor terbaik hari ini dijamin mudah menang maxwin Slot  Proses Deposit dan Withdraw Tercepat Hitungan Detik Langsung Masuk!  Slot Mahjong Proteksi Pembelian Berbelanjalah dengan percaya diri di Slot Mahjong karena jika terjadi masalah dengan pesanan, kami akan membantu Anda untuk semua pembelian yang memenuhi syarat — see program terms  Slot Mahjong adalah link situs slot gacor resmi terpercaya yang menyediakan berbagai game slot online berkualitas dengan peluang maxwin tinggi.  Ya, Slot Mahjong merupakan situs resmi dengan sistem keamanan yang dirancang untuk melindungi data dan aktivitas pemain.  Karena banyak game slot di Slot Mahjong yang memiliki performa stabil dan peluang kemenangan yang konsisten jika dimainkan dengan strategi tepat.  Slot Mahjong  Slot Mahjong  Owner of Slot Mahjong  Following Follow shop Message Slot Mahjong  This seller usually responds within a few hours.  Reviews for this item (15)  4.8 /5  item average  4.8 Item quality 5.0 Shipping 5.0 Customer service 89% Buyers recommend Loading Buyer highlights, summarized by AI Beautiful Perfect addition Great product Easy and quick download Great colors Great quality Great file Filter by category 5 out of 5 stars 5 This item  Vicki Oct 15, 2025  Main di Slot Mahjong sering dapet hasil bagus. Maxwin-nya bukan cuma wacana.  Vicki Oct 15, 2025  Response from Slot Mahjong  Thank you so much for the 5-star review! 💐 Thanks again for your kind words and support! 🌸  5 out of 5 stars 5 This item  Diana Oct 10, 2025  Situsnya stabil banget, jarang lag walau main lama.  Diana Oct 10, 2025  Response from Slot Mahjong  Thank you so much for the 5-star review! 💐 Thanks again for your kind words and support! 🌸  5 out of 5 stars 5 This item  Kristin Oct 6, 2025  Pilihan slot-nya lengkap dan kualitasnya terasa beda dari situs lain.  Kristin Oct 6, 2025  Response from Slot Mahjong  Thank you so much for your review and the 5⭐ rating! 💛 I’m very happy that you liked the images and that they will work well for your projects. I’d like to clarify that all the cards in this set are fictional and stylized illustrations, so you can always use them in any way that suits your needs or adapt them for your own project 😊 Thank you for choosing my shop and for recommending it to others — it truly means a lot to me! 💕  5 out of 5 stars 5 This item  Daus Oct 4, 2025  Main di Slot Mahjong lebih tenang karena sistemnya jelas dan terpercaya.  Daus Oct 4, 2025  Response from Slot Mahjong  Thank you so much for your feedback! ❤️ I truly appreciate your support and am glad you chose my shop. ❤️ Looking forward to seeing you again!  DreamCafeArt Star Seller Star Sellers have an outstanding track record for providing a great customer experience—they consistently earned 5-star reviews, shipped orders on time, and replied quickly to any messages they received.  Slot Mahjong Owned by Slot Mahjong |  Indonesia  5.0 158.9k sales Since 2013 Message seller Following Follow shop  This seller usually responds within a few hours.  Speedy replies Has a history of replying to messages quickly.  Rave reviews Average review rating is 4.8 or higher.  Jenis Game Slot, Togel dan Live Casino Minimal Deposit Rp 5.000 Minimal Withdraw Rp 50.000 Transaksi Pembayaran QRIS/DANA/OVO/GoPay/ShopeePay/Pulsa Perkiraan Waktu Proses 10-60 Detik Rating 5.0 ⭐ - 88.1K ulasan Slot Mahjong Listed on Dec 27, 2025 122 favorites Slot Mahjong Slot Gacor Slot Gacor Maxwin GAMING4D 🎉 SLOT X1000 SPESIAL DAPATKAN HADIAH BESAR SEKARANG Loading  There was a problem loading the content  GAMING4D 🎉 SLOT X1000 SPESIAL DAPATKAN HADIAH BESAR SEKARANG  Captcha failed to load. Try using a different browser or disabling ad blockers.  Please enter a valid email address. Looks like you already have an account! Please Log in to subscribe. You've already signed up for some newsletters, but you haven't confirmed your address. Register to confirm your address. You've been successfully signed up! Great! We've sent you an email to confirm your subscription. There was a problem subscribing you to this newsletter. Etsy’s 100% renewable electricity commitment includes the electricity used by the data centers that host Etsy.com, the Sell on Etsy app, and the Etsy app, as well as the electricity that powers Etsy’s global offices and employees working remotely from home in the US.  Shop    • Gift cards   • Etsy Registry   • Sitemap   • Etsy blog   • Etsy United Kingdom   • Etsy Germany   • Etsy Canada  Sell    • Sell on Etsy   • Teams   • Forums   • Affiliates & Creators  About    • Etsy, Inc.   • Policies   • Investors   • Careers   • Press   • Impact  Help    • Help Center   • Privacy settings   • Instagram   • Facebook   • Pinterest   • Youtube Download the Etsy App US   Indonesia   |   English (US)   |   Rp (IDR) © 2026 Etsy, Inc.   • Terms of Use   • Privacy   • Interest-based ads   • Local Shops  Privacy Settings  Etsy uses cookies and similar technologies to give you a better experience, enabling things like:    • basic site functions   • ensuring secure, safe transactions   • secure account login   • remembering account, browser, and regional preferences   • remembering privacy and security settings   • analysing site traffic and usage   • personalized search, content, and recommendations   • helping sellers understand their audience   • showing relevant, targeted ads on and off Etsy  Detailed information can be found in Etsy’s Cookies & Similar Technologies Policy and our Privacy Policy.  Required Cookies & Technologies  Some of the technologies we use are necessary for critical functions like security and site integrity, account authentication, security and privacy preferences, internal site usage and maintenance data, and to make the site work correctly for browsing and transactions.  Always on  Personalized Advertising  To enable personalized advertising (like interest-based ads), we may share your data with our marketing and advertising partners using cookies and other technologies. Those partners may have their own information they’ve collected about you. Turning off the personalized advertising setting won’t stop you from seeing Etsy ads, but it may make the ads you see less relevant or more repetitive.  Personalized advertising may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” of information under California and other state privacy laws, and you may have a right to opt out. Turning off personalized advertising allows you to exercise your right to opt out. Learn more in our Privacy Policy., Help Center, and Cookies & Similar Technologies Policy.  Saved  Shop policies for DreamCafeArt  Payments  Secure options Paypal Visa Mastercard Discover Apple Pay Klarna Giftcard Accepts Etsy Gift Cards and Etsy Credits Etsy keeps your payment information secure. Etsy shops never receive your credit card information.  Terms & conditions  According to EU and UK consumer protection laws, digital products are non-refundable. Please make sure to download your files within 100 days from the purchase date. After this period, the file may be updated, moved, or deleted. If you encounter any issues within this timeframe, feel free to contact me.  What’s wrong with this listing?  Add more details  Share more specifics to help us review this item and protect our marketplace.  The first thing you should do is contact the seller directly.  If you’ve already done that, your item hasn’t arrived, or it’s not as described, you can report that to Etsy by opening a case.  Report a problem with an order  We take intellectual property concerns very seriously, but many of these problems can be resolved directly by the parties involved. We suggest contacting the seller directly to respectfully share your concerns.  If you’d like to file an allegation of infringement, you’ll need to follow the process described in our Copyright and Intellectual Property Policy.  Review how we define handmade, vintage and supplies See a list of prohibited items and materials Read our mature content policy Tell us why you're reporting this item Please choose a reason Make sure to add more details. Add more details, including a law or regulation name (10 characters min). By submitting this report, you confirm the information and claims in this form are accurate.   • casino clipart,casino design,casino download,casino graphics,casino icons,casino illustrations,casino png,cute casino art,digital casino art,gambling clip art,gambling printables,lively casino images,poker clipart   • Loading   • May include: A colorful graphic design featuring the iconic "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas, Nevada" sign with a starburst and a galaxy background. The sign is surrounded by colorful paint splatters and drips.   • May include: A colorful illustration of a casino scene with a roulette wheel, slot machine, playing cards, dice, and poker chips. The image is filled with vibrant colors and intricate details.   • 80 PNG, Casino Clipart, Fantasy Illustrations Casino Graphics, Gambling Printables, Digital Download, Unlimited Commercial Use for Crafts image 4   • 80 PNG, Casino Clipart, Fantasy Illustrations Casino Graphics, Gambling Printables, Digital Download, Unlimited Commercial Use for Crafts image 5   • May include: Four playing cards, including the Ace of Hearts, Ace of Spades, Ace of Clubs, and the King of Spades. The cards are in a vintage style with intricate designs and colorful illustrations.   • May include: A green felt roulette table with a wooden frame. The table has a spinning wheel with numbered slots, a betting layout, and stacks of chips.   • 80 PNG, Casino Clipart, Fantasy Illustrations Casino Graphics, Gambling Printables, Digital Download, Unlimited Commercial Use for Crafts image 8   • 80 PNG, Casino Clipart, Fantasy Illustrations Casino Graphics, Gambling Printables, Digital Download, Unlimited Commercial Use for Crafts image 9   • 80 PNG, Casino Clipart, Fantasy Illustrations Casino Graphics, Gambling Printables, Digital Download, Unlimited Commercial Use for Crafts image 10     • Click to zoom   • GAMING4D 🎉 SLOT X1000 SPESIAL DAPATKAN HADIAH BESAR SEKARANG   • listing-video-1   • GAMING4D 🎉 SLOT X1000 SPESIAL DAPATKAN HADIAH BESAR SEKARANG   • GAMING4D 🎉 SLOT X1000 SPESIAL DAPATKAN HADIAH BESAR SEKARANG   • GAMING4D 🎉 SLOT X1000 SPESIAL DAPATKAN HADIAH BESAR SEKARANG   • GAMING4D 🎉 SLOT X1000 SPESIAL DAPATKAN HADIAH BESAR SEKARANG   • GAMING4D 🎉 SLOT X1000 SPESIAL DAPATKAN HADIAH BESAR SEKARANG   • GAMING4D 🎉 SLOT X1000 SPESIAL DAPATKAN HADIAH BESAR SEKARANG   • GAMING4D 🎉 SLOT X1000 SPESIAL DAPATKAN HADIAH BESAR SEKARANG   • GAMING4D 🎉 SLOT X1000 SPESIAL DAPATKAN HADIAH BESAR SEKARANG   • GAMING4D 🎉 SLOT X1000 SPESIAL DAPATKAN HADIAH BESAR SEKARANG  Update your settings  Set where you live, what language you speak, and the currency you use. Learn more.  Cancel Loading  Regions Etsy does business in:  Australia Austria Belgium Canada Canada (French) Denmark Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Ireland Israel Italy Japan Mexico New Zealand Norway Poland Portugal Singapore Spain Sweden Switzerland The Netherlands United Kingdom United States SLOT LOGIN DAFTAR
__label__cc Skip to primary content  Daily Gun Show  Join in the Conversation about Guns  Main menu    • Home   • Show Archives     • #Tactical Quiz     • Daily Pop Quiz   • Contact Us     • Guests     • The Hosts  Post navigation  ← Previous Next →  (explicit) Israeli Carry, Long Guns in Westerns, #TacticalQuiz – Daily Gun Show 138  Posted on September 14, 2016 by gwebs  (explicit) Israeli Carry, Long Guns in Westerns, #TacticalQuiz – Daily Gun Show 138  Streamed live  https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/dailygunshow/Explicit+-+Israeli+Carry+Long+Guns+in+Westerns+TacticalQuiz+-+Daily+Gun+Show+138.mp3  Daily Gun Show 138 Israeli Carry, Long Guns in Westerns, #TacticalQuiz 3pm EST, 2pm CST, 1pm MST, Noon PST  Featured Gun Channels member: OneBadMarine http://gunchannels.com/profile/OneBad…  CCW: Israeli carry  Entertainment: Long guns in westerns  #TacticalQuiz: ——————————–  Gun Movie: Desperado  Healthy Tip: Enjoy nature – get out in it  Gun Shop of the Day: Ring Of Fire Tour: Sundance Industries https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ExpP2…  Quote of the Day: “There’s no question that weapons in the hands of the public have prevented acts of terror or stopped them.” – Israeli Police Inspector General Shlomo Aharonisky  Gun of the Day:  AIA M10 A2 (bolt action 7.62×39)  listen & comment on iTunes: https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/i…  “i HATE guns” Podcast on Stitcher Radio http://www.stitcher.com/podcast/gun-c…  Thanks to Kvar Buy a deck of AK47 I.D. playing cards as a gift !! http://www.k-var.com/shop/AK-CARDS.html  Support the show Unique Patch of the Month https://www.patreon.com/GunWebsites  Gun Websites.com http://GunWebsites.com ———————————-  Hang out with us LIVE @GunChannels.com http://gunchannels.com/DailyGunShow  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ts7IFsNEtQo  (Visited 27 times, 1 visits today) This entry was posted in Daily Show, Uncategorized and tagged ccw, Israeli carry, long guns, Podcast, westerns by gwebs. Bookmark the permalink.  Check Out these Cool channels:     Check Out these Cool 2A Projects:   Proudly powered by WordPress
__label__cc Skip to content March 5, 2026 DA Layers  DA Layers  Hype Duel Primary Menu   • Data Availability Solutions & Protocols   • Modular Blockchain Architectures   • Data Availability Layer Fundamentals   • Blockchain Scalability & Sharding Subscribe   • Home   • 2026   • February   • 12   • EigenDA vs Celestia Uptime Comparison: Optimizing DA Layers for Rollup Consensus Speed 2026   • Comparisons & Technical Analyses   • Data Availability Solutions & Protocols   • Developer Guides & Technical Analysis   • Modular Blockchain Architectures   • Rollups & Layer 2 Data Availability  EigenDA vs Celestia Uptime Comparison: Optimizing DA Layers for Rollup Consensus Speed 2026  Sophia Martinez February 12, 2026 EigenDA vs Celestia Uptime Comparison: Optimizing DA Layers for Rollup Consensus Speed 2026  In the high-stakes arena of modular blockchains in 2026, data availability layers like EigenDA and Celestia are redefining how rollups achieve consensus speed without sacrificing reliability. As rollup ecosystems scale to handle millions of users, DA layer uptime emerges as the linchpin, directly influencing transaction finality and user trust. Developers optimizing for rollup data availability consensus must weigh EigenDA’s blistering throughput against Celestia’s rapid finality, especially amid projections for modular DA solutions 2026 that promise to slash costs and boost interoperability.  Hype Duel  EigenDA’s High-Throughput Edge in a Restaking World  EigenDA stands out with its mainnet throughput hitting 100 MB/s, a figure tailored for data-hungry applications like gaming platforms and high-frequency order books. This capacity stems from its architecture as a Data Availability Committee (DAC), leaning on Ethereum’s consensus for security while deploying restaked assets exceeding $335 million dedicated to DA services. Yet, this setup introduces finality latency of 12 to 15 minutes, inherited from Ethereum’s deliberate pace. For rollups where volume trumps velocity, EigenDA shines, but prolonged waits can bottleneck consensus in latency-sensitive scenarios.  [tweet]  The restaking model bolsters EigenDA’s DA layer uptime, as operators face slashing risks for downtime, fostering a robust incentive structure around blockchain availability rewards. In practice, this has translated to near-perfect uptime metrics in early 2026 stress tests, though the DAC’s permissioned nature sparks debates on decentralization purity compared to sovereign chains.  Celestia’s Swift Finality and Modular Foundations  Celestia, the pioneer in decoupling data availability from execution, delivers blocks every 15 seconds via Tendermint consensus, achieving finality in a fraction of EigenDA’s time. Current mainnet specs support 8 MB per block, equating to roughly 1.33 MB/s, but ambitious roadmaps target 1 GB blocks, positioning it for explosive growth in EigenDA vs Celestia matchups. Fraud proofs paired with data availability sampling (DAS) ensure integrity without full node downloads, making it a darling for versatile rollup stacks.  Celestia Technical Analysis Chart  Analysis by Market Analyst | Symbol: BINANCE:TIAUSDT | Interval: 1D | Drawings: 6  technical-analysis Celestia Technical Chart by Market Analyst   Market Analyst’s Insights  As a technical analyst with 5 years focusing on crypto, this Celestia chart shows a classic bearish continuation after a sharp decline, but the modular blockchain narrative remains strong amid competition from EigenDA. Celestia’s faster finality (15s blocks) positions it well for rollup adoption, potentially capping downside. Balanced view: oversold conditions suggest a medium-term bounce, but no bullish reversal yet without higher highs. Medium risk tolerance means I’d scale in longs near support only on volume pickup.  Technical Analysis Summary  Draw a prominent downtrend line from the peak at 2026-10-20 around $2.80 connecting to recent lows near $0.45 by 2026-02-10. Mark strong support at $0.45 with a horizontal line and moderate resistance at $0.80. Add a rectangle for the recent consolidation zone between $0.40-$0.60 from 2026-01-15 to present. Place arrow markers for volume spikes on pullbacks and MACD bearish divergence. Use fib retracement from the major high to low for potential bounce levels at 23.6% ($0.95) and 38.2% ($1.25). Highlight entry zone near support with low risk long if volume confirms.   Risk Assessment: medium  Analysis: Bearish trend intact but oversold with fundamental tailwinds from Celestia’s DA advantages; medium tolerance suits scaling positions  Market Analyst’s Recommendation: Wait for volume-confirmed bounce from support before longing; avoid shorts in consolidation   Key Support & Resistance Levels  📈 Support Levels:   • $0.45 – Strong multi-touch low with volume cluster     strong   • $0.55 – Recent swing low holding current price     moderate 📉 Resistance Levels:   • $0.8 – Previous consolidation high acting as cap     moderate   • $1.2 – 38.2% fib retracement and prior support turned resistance     strong   Trading Zones (medium risk tolerance)  🎯 Entry Zones:   • $0.48 – Bounce from strong support with increasing volume     medium risk   • $0.55 – Break above minor uptrend for confirmation     low risk 🚪 Exit Zones:   • $0.8 – First resistance target     💰 profit target   • $1.25 – Next fib extension     💰 profit target   • $0.42 – Below strong support invalidation     🛡️ stop loss   Technical Indicators Analysis  📊 Volume Analysis:  Pattern: decreasing on downside, spikes on pullbacks  Bearish divergence as price makes lower lows on fading volume, suggesting exhaustion  📈 MACD Analysis:  Signal: bearish  MACD line below signal with histogram contracting, but nearing zero line for potential crossover   Applied TradingView Drawing Utilities  This chart analysis utilizes the following professional drawing tools:  Trend LineHorizontal LineRectangleFib RetracementArrow MarkerCalloutText  Disclaimer: This technical analysis by Market Analyst is for educational purposes only and should not be considered as financial advice. Trading involves risk, and you should always do your own research before making investment decisions. Past performance does not guarantee future results. The analysis reflects the author’s personal methodology and risk tolerance (medium).  This modular design not only accelerates rollup data availability consensus but also enhances uptime through diversified validator sets, sidestepping single points of failure inherent in committee-based systems. Celestia’s interoperability edge allows seamless data mobility across rollups, a boon for ecosystems prioritizing speed over sheer bandwidth.  Throughput and Latency Head-to-Head: Metrics That Matter  When dissecting modular DA solutions 2026, raw numbers reveal trade-offs. EigenDA’s 100 MB/s dwarfs Celestia’s 1.33 MB/s today, ideal for bandwidth-intensive DeFi or AI workloads. Conversely, Celestia’s 15-second finality outpaces EigenDA’s quarter-hour lag, critical for real-time apps like social feeds or micropayments.  Comparison of Key DA Metrics (2026 Mainnet)  Uptime reliability further tilts the scales: EigenDA’s Ethereum-backed security has logged 99.99% availability, propped by restaking economics, while Celestia’s DAS has proven resilient against targeted attacks, with zero major outages since scaling upgrades. For rollup builders, the choice hinges on whether your consensus demands feast on data floods or sprints toward finality.  Architectural divergences amplify these dynamics. EigenDA’s DAC streamlines operations but assumes trust in committee operators, mitigated by slashing. Celestia’s L1 sovereignty offers purer decentralization, though it demands more from validators. As both evolve, hybrid strategies blending their strengths could dominate rollup data availability consensus optimizations.  Restaking economics underpin EigenDA’s appeal, with over $335 million in assets securing DA services and aligning incentives through blockchain availability rewards. This model has driven impressive uptime, but developers must scrutinize the trade-offs in trust minimization versus operational efficiency. Celestia’s path, rooted in sovereign consensus, prioritizes permissionless participation, fostering a broader validator pool that has weathered network stresses without incident.  Uptime Under the Microscope: Real-World Resilience  In 2026, DA layer uptime isn’t just a metric; it’s the bedrock of rollup confidence. EigenDA’s committee structure, while efficient, faced a brief 0.01% downtime during a January surge in data demands, swiftly resolved via slashing protocols. Celestia, leveraging DAS, maintained flawless availability through the same period, its Tendermint core proving battle-tested against spam attacks. These incidents underscore how architecture dictates recovery speed, with Celestia’s design enabling sub-minute resolutions compared to EigenDA’s Ethereum-tied delays.  EigenDA vs Celestia Uptime Metrics (2026)  Metric EigenDA Celestia Availability SLA 99.99% 99.99% 2026 YTD Uptime 99.995% 99.997% ⏱️ Avg. Outage Duration 4.2 min 3.1 min Max. Outage Duration 28 min 19 min Mean Recovery Time (MTTR) 2.8 min 1.9 min ⏱️ Security Backstops Ethereum Restaking (>$335M TVL) 🔒		 Fraud Proofs & DAS ✅  Security models further differentiate reliability. EigenDA inherits Ethereum’s economic finality, backed by restaked ETH that deters malice, yet the DAC introduces operator risks. Celestia’s fraud proofs and sampling democratize verification, reducing reliance on any single entity and enhancing long-term rollup data availability consensus.  Strategic Choices for Rollup Builders: A Decision Framework  Optimizing for 2026 demands a nuanced lens on use cases. High-throughput rollups in gaming or perpetuals favor EigenDA’s bandwidth, accepting latency for volume. Speed-critical apps, from social dApps to instant settlements, lean toward Celestia’s finality, especially as 1 GB blocks loom on the horizon.  EigenDA vs Celestia: Key Factors    • EigenDA vs Celestia throughput comparison chart      Throughput Needs: EigenDA achieves 100 MB/s on mainnet for high-data apps; Celestia at 1.33 MB/s (8 MB blocks), scaling to 1 GB planned.    • EigenDA Celestia finality latency graph      Finality Speed: EigenDA inherits Ethereum’s 12-15 minutes; Celestia offers fast 15-second Tendermint finality for quicker rollup consensus.    • Celestia vs EigenDA decentralization diagram      Decentralization Level: Celestia as sovereign L1 with fraud proofs & DAS; EigenDA as DAC leveraging Ethereum restaking ($335M assets).    • Celestia EigenDA cost per MB comparison      Cost per MB: Celestia enables up to 100x cost reduction for L2 rollups vs Ethereum; EigenDA benefits from restaking economics (specifics evolving).    • EigenDA Celestia rollup integration flowchart      Integration Ease for Rollups: Celestia excels in modular interoperability & rollup mobility; EigenDA suits Ethereum-aligned rollups with high-throughput needs.  Cost dynamics tilt toward Celestia today, with fees under $0.01 per MB via DAS efficiency, versus EigenDA’s variable operator bids. Integration matters too: EigenDA slots neatly into Ethereum stacks via restaking primitives, while Celestia excels in multi-chain sovereignty, as detailed in this comparison.  From a capital markets vantage, where I cut my teeth analyzing fixed income risks, EigenDA’s restaking mirrors collateralized debt obligations – robust yet exposed to correlated failures. Celestia’s modularity evokes diversified bond ladders, spreading risk across layers. Rollups blending both, perhaps via EigenDA for bulk data and Celestia for hot paths, could yield hybrid supremacy in modular DA solutions 2026.  Looking ahead, EigenDA’s roadmap eyes sub-minute finality through operator optimizations, closing the gap on Celestia. Meanwhile, Celestia’s Blobstream upgrades promise Ethereum bridging at scale, amplifying EigenDA vs Celestia interoperability. Rollup teams should monitor these trajectories, prioritizing uptime audits and pilot integrations to future-proof consensus engines.  Ultimately, the optimal DA layer aligns with your rollup’s pulse: EigenDA for data deluges, Celestia for velocity. As modular ecosystems mature, this rivalry sharpens innovation, delivering scalable, secure foundations for blockchain’s next era.  About the Author  Sophia Martinez  Author  Sophia Martinez is a seasoned blockchain analyst with 7 years of experience in crypto and decentralized application markets. She focuses on technical analysis and is passionate about empowering developers to understand DA solutions. Sophia’s approachable style makes complex blockchain concepts accessible to everyone. She believes, 'Clarity is the foundation of good decision-making.'  Author's website Author's posts  Continue Reading  Previous: EigenDA vs Celestia: Choosing the Best Data Availability Layer for Ethereum Rollups in 2026 Next: EigenDA vs Celestia: Data Availability Layer Comparison for Ethereum L2 Rollups 2026  Leave a Reply Cancel reply  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *  Related Stories  0G Labs DA Layer Explained: Scaling Modular Blockchains with Efficient Data Availability in 2026   • Blockchain Scalability & Sharding   • Data Availability Layer Fundamentals   • Data Availability Solutions & Protocols   • Developer Guides & Technical Analysis   • Modular Blockchain Architectures  0G Labs DA Layer Explained: Scaling Modular Blockchains with Efficient Data Availability in 2026  Noah Carver March 2, 2026 Modular Data Availability Layers Boosting Ethereum Rollup Security in 2026   • Data Availability Solutions & Protocols   • Modular Blockchain Architectures   • Modular Data Availability Layers   • Rollups & Layer 2 Data Availability  Modular Data Availability Layers Boosting Ethereum Rollup Security in 2026  Blu February 24, 2026 Celestia vs Avail: Key Differences for Rollup Data Availability in 2026   • Comparisons & Technical Analyses   • Data Availability Solutions & Protocols   • Modular Blockchain Architectures   • Rollups & Layer 2 Data Availability  Celestia vs Avail: Key Differences for Rollup Data Availability in 2026  Jillian Cross February 22, 2026  Recent Posts    • 0G Labs DA Layer Explained: Scaling Modular Blockchains with Efficient Data Availability in 2026   • Modular Data Availability Layers Boosting Ethereum Rollup Security in 2026   • Celestia vs Avail: Key Differences for Rollup Data Availability in 2026   • EigenDA vs Celestia: Choosing the Best Data Availability Layer for Ethereum Rollups in 2026   • 0G Labs Data Availability Layer: Enabling 50,000x Faster AI-Scale Blockchain Processing  Recent Comments  No comments to show.  Archives    • March 2026   • February 2026   • January 2026   • December 2025   • November 2025   • October 2025   • September 2025  Categories    • Blockchain Scalability & Sharding   • Comparisons & Technical Analyses   • Cross-Chain Interoperability   • Data Availability Fundamentals   • Data Availability Layer Fundamentals   • Data Availability Protocols & Solutions   • Data Availability Solutions & Protocols   • Developer Guides & Technical Analysis   • Developer Guides & Technical Resources   • Developer Guides & Tutorials   • Layer 2 & Rollup Data Availability   • Modular Blockchain Architectures   • Modular Data Availability Layers   • News & Ecosystem Updates   • Research & Innovations in DA Layers   • Rollups & Layer 2 Data Availability   • Trends & Research in Data Availability   • Uncategorized Hype Duel  You may have missed  0G Labs DA Layer Explained: Scaling Modular Blockchains with Efficient Data Availability in 2026   • Blockchain Scalability & Sharding   • Data Availability Layer Fundamentals   • Data Availability Solutions & Protocols   • Developer Guides & Technical Analysis   • Modular Blockchain Architectures  0G Labs DA Layer Explained: Scaling Modular Blockchains with Efficient Data Availability in 2026  Noah Carver March 2, 2026 Modular Data Availability Layers Boosting Ethereum Rollup Security in 2026   • Data Availability Solutions & Protocols   • Modular Blockchain Architectures   • Modular Data Availability Layers   • Rollups & Layer 2 Data Availability  Modular Data Availability Layers Boosting Ethereum Rollup Security in 2026  Blu February 24, 2026 Celestia vs Avail: Key Differences for Rollup Data Availability in 2026   • Comparisons & Technical Analyses   • Data Availability Solutions & Protocols   • Modular Blockchain Architectures   • Rollups & Layer 2 Data Availability  Celestia vs Avail: Key Differences for Rollup Data Availability in 2026  Jillian Cross February 22, 2026 EigenDA vs Celestia: Choosing the Best Data Availability Layer for Ethereum Rollups in 2026   • Comparisons & Technical Analyses   • Data Availability Protocols & Solutions   • Data Availability Solutions & Protocols   • Modular Data Availability Layers   • Rollups & Layer 2 Data Availability  EigenDA vs Celestia: Choosing the Best Data Availability Layer for Ethereum Rollups in 2026  Noah Carver February 21, 2026 Copyright © 2026 DA Layers. All rights reserved.
__label__cc Daya Bay Reactor Neutrino Experiment Daya Bay . Sandbox . Berkembang-pesat-fenomena-agen89-dalam-ranah-perjudian-online-indonesia (login) TWiki User Authentication   Please enter your username and password  Enter your LoginName. (Typically First name and last name, no space, no dots, capitalized, e.g. JohnSmith, unless you chose otherwise). Visit TWikiRegistration if you do not have one.  Username Password    Cancel  Powered by the TWiki collaboration platform Copyright © by the contributing authors, 2007-2026. Ideas, requests, problems regarding Daya Bay? Send feedback
__label__cc Daya Bay Reactor Neutrino Experiment Daya Bay . Sandbox . HollywoodWalkSandbox (login) TWiki User Authentication   Please enter your username and password  Enter your LoginName. (Typically First name and last name, no space, no dots, capitalized, e.g. JohnSmith, unless you chose otherwise). Visit TWikiRegistration if you do not have one.  Username Password    Cancel  Powered by the TWiki collaboration platform Copyright © by the contributing authors, 2007-2026. Ideas, requests, problems regarding Daya Bay? Send feedback
__label__cc Derby Trail Forums  Go Back   Derby Trail Forums Reload this Page vBulletin Message Register FAQ Members List Calendar Search Today's Posts Mark Forums Read  vBulletin Message You are not logged in or you do not have permission to access this page. This could be due to one of several reasons:   1. You are not logged in. Fill in the form at the bottom of this page and try again.   2. You may not have sufficient privileges to access this page. Are you trying to edit someone else's post, access administrative features or some other privileged system?   3. If you are trying to post, the administrator may have disabled your account, or it may be awaiting activation. Log in User Name: Password: Forgotten Your Password? The administrator may have required you to register before you can view this page.  Forum Jump   All times are GMT -5. The time now is 03:24 AM.  Contact Us - Derby Trail Steve Byk Steve’s Notes DT Stables DT Shoppe Gallery Contact Links Archive - Top  Powered by vBulletin® Version 3.6.8 Copyright ©2000 - 2026, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd.
__label__cc Network Locked  🔒 Access Denied  Unfortunately, access to this application has been restricted.  If you believe this is a mistake, please reach out to our support team for assistance.  For assistance, please visit our Contact Us page.
__label__cc Secretariado de Centros, Institutos y Servicios de Investigación Meeting Room Booking System Help Rooms Report Search: Unknown user User list  You do not have the necessary rights to view this page.  Please log in
__label__cc Secretariado de Centros, Institutos y Servicios de Investigación Meeting Room Booking System Help Rooms Report Search: Unknown user User list  Areas    • CITIUS   • CITIUS Celestino Mutis   • CITIUS CELESTINO Mutis Seminar   • CITIUS M. Losada Villasante January 2027 Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat           1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31             February 2027 Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28             March 2027 Sun Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31        February 2027 - CITIUS - Seminario  << Go To Month Before Go To This Month Go To Month After >> SundayMondayTuesdayWednesdayThursdayFridaySaturday   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28             << Go To Month Before Go To This Month Go To Month After >> External Internal View Day: Jan 26 | Jan 27 | Jan 28 | Jan 29 | Jan 30 | Jan 31 | [ Feb 01 ] | Feb 02 | Feb 03 | Feb 04 | Feb 05 | Feb 06 | Feb 07 | Feb 08 View Week: Jan 03 | Jan 10 | Jan 17 | Jan 24 | [ Jan 31 ] | Feb 07 | Feb 14 | Feb 21 | Feb 28 View Month: Dec 2026 | Jan 2027 | [ Feb 2027 ] | Mar 2027 | Apr 2027 | May 2027 | Jun 2027 | Jul 2027 | Aug 2027
__label__cc Discuss The Knowledge  The community pages for The Knowledge, a book by Dr Lewis Dartnell  Skip to content   Advanced search   • Board index   • Change font size   • FAQ   • Members   • Register   • Login  The team  Rank Administrators Primary group Forums Site Adminlewis Administrators - Moderators     jim Registered users All forums   • Board index   • The team • Delete all board cookies • All times are UTC Powered by phpBB® Forum Software © phpBB Group
__label__cc Warning: Undefined variable $ub in /home/yesreapwovjl/public_html/doublebridgefarm.com/wp-content/plugins/advanced-page-visit-counter/public/class-advanced-page-visit-counter-public.php on line 148  Warning: Undefined variable $ub in /home/yesreapwovjl/public_html/doublebridgefarm.com/wp-content/plugins/advanced-page-visit-counter/public/class-advanced-page-visit-counter-public.php on line 160 American pokeweed - Double Bridge Farm Skip to content Double Bridge FarmRegenerative/Restorative agriculture the natural way   • Gallery     • Pasture     • Plants     • Animals     • Water   • Resources   • About  Leave a Reply Cancel reply  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *    • Gallery   • Resources   • About © 2026  Copyright Double Bridge Farm
__label__cc DownloadDownload DriverPack Online DriverPacks.net  Canon MP360 Series Printer drivers for Windows XP x86  Install drivers automatically  DriverPack software is absolutely free of charge  Available drivers (1) Windows XP x86 all systems Windows 10 x64 Windows 10 x86 Windows 8.1 x64 Windows 8.1 x86 Windows 8 x64 Windows 8 x86 Windows 7 x64 Windows 7 x86 Windows XP x86 Canon MP360 Series Printer1.73 (07.10.2003) Download driver   • Home Page /   • printers /   • Canon printers /   • Canon MP360 Series Printer Download printer drivers for Canon MP360 Series Printer for Windows XP x86 for free Operating System Versions: Windows XP x86 Category: Canon printers Subcategory: MP360 Series Printer printers Available for free Driver Description Update drivers for Canon MP360 Series Printer printers (Windows XP x86)  Are you tired of looking for the drivers for your devices?  DriverPack Online will find and install the drivers you need automatically  Download DriverPack Online for free © Artur Kuzyakov, 2018
__label__cc DutchWideWeb  Just another WordPress site  Menu  Skip to content   • Home   • Sample Page  Post navigation  ← Benno Larue openhartig in KRO Brandpunt: ‘Kon ik het maar terugdraaien’ – Omroep Brabant ‘NAM en overheid verpestten gasoverleg’ – PowNed →  Welke Haagse politici doen het goed, welke doen het slecht? – Elsevier  Posted on September 9, 2015 by dutchwideweb  Elsevier  Welke Haagse politici doen het goed, welke doen het slecht? Elsevier een kleuterjuf uit de jaren vijftig, maar in de wandelgangen is bekend dat ze listig haar straatje schoonveegt. 'Soms doet ze of ze het niet snapt, maar dat is haar manier om in onderhandelingen niks toe te geven.' Enfin, Van Rijn zit met de pgb-sores …  en meer » Filed Under: Straatje schoonvegen | Tagged: Straatje schoonvegen  Post navigation  ← Benno Larue openhartig in KRO Brandpunt: ‘Kon ik het maar terugdraaien’ – Omroep Brabant ‘NAM en overheid verpestten gasoverleg’ – PowNed →  Leave a Reply Cancel reply  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *  AD  Archives    • March 2026   • February 2026   • January 2026   • December 2025   • November 2025   • October 2025   • September 2025   • August 2025   • July 2025   • June 2025   • April 2025   • March 2025   • February 2025   • January 2025   • December 2024   • November 2024   • August 2024   • June 2024   • May 2024   • April 2024   • March 2024   • February 2024   • January 2024   • December 2023   • November 2023   • October 2023   • September 2023   • August 2023   • July 2023   • June 2023   • May 2023   • April 2023   • March 2023   • February 2023   • January 2023   • December 2022   • November 2022   • October 2022   • September 2022   • August 2022   • July 2022   • June 2022   • May 2022   • April 2022   • March 2022   • February 2022   • January 2022   • December 2021   • November 2021   • October 2021   • September 2021   • August 2021   • July 2021   • June 2021   • May 2021   • April 2021   • March 2021   • February 2021   • January 2021   • December 2020   • November 2020   • October 2020   • September 2020   • August 2020   • July 2020   • June 2020   • May 2020   • April 2020   • March 2020   • February 2020   • January 2020   • December 2019   • November 2019   • October 2019   • September 2019   • August 2019   • July 2019   • June 2019   • May 2019   • April 2019   • March 2019   • February 2019   • January 2019   • December 2018   • November 2018   • October 2018   • September 2018   • August 2018   • July 2018   • June 2018   • May 2018   • April 2018   • March 2018   • January 2018   • December 2017   • November 2017   • October 2017   • September 2017   • August 2017   • July 2017   • June 2017   • May 2017   • April 2017   • March 2017   • December 2016   • November 2016   • October 2016   • September 2016   • August 2016   • July 2016   • June 2016   • May 2016   • April 2016   • March 2016   • February 2016   • January 2016   • December 2015   • November 2015   • October 2015   • September 2015   • August 2015   • July 2015   • June 2015   • May 2015  Categories    • Straatje schoonvegen   • Uncategorized  Meta    • Log in   • Entries feed   • Comments feed   • WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress | Theme: Aplos by Andy Noelker.
__label__cc Sisyphus Heap Logo ALTLinuxEdu   • Title Search: "linkto:"SiteNavigation""  Сизиф-на-Куче    • Образовательные проекты   • Проект ALT Docs Team   • Куча ALT Docs Team   • SiteNavigation  Wiki    • Login   • RecentChanges   • FindPage   • SiteNavigation   • HelpContents  7 results out of about 2649 pages. (0.26 seconds)    1. FindPage   2. FrontPage   3. HelpForBeginners   4. SystemPagesInEnglishGroup   5. TitleIndex   6. WikiCourse/BasicIntroduction/060 How do I navigate?   7. WordIndex   • MoinMoin Powered   • Python Powered   • Valid HTML 4.01
__label__cc Welcome to Kunshan Jiashanghe.    • Email:13405193420@163.com      Email:13405193420@163.com    • Tel：0512-50338153      Tel：0512-50338153  中文版   |   Sitemap   |   RSS  |   XML Hand plate model 3D laser printing, silicone film, etc   12 years experience in handboard  3D laser printing, silicone film, etc   • Custom drawing      Custom drawing      CNC machining   • Quality assurance      Quality assurance      3D printing Hotline:  +86 134-0519-3420  +86 137-7316-1386    • Home   • Hand plate model   • Hand plate proofing     • Lighting fixtures     • Low speed vehicle parts     • Copier parts     • Home appliance industry parts     • Part of the medical industry     • Automotive products     • Aluminum alloy cutting parts     • cnc cutting   • 3D printing hand board   • Alibaba   • Service     • 3D laser printing     • Silicone refilm - small batch molding     • cnc cutting   • Case     • Equipment display     • Corporate environment   • About     • Company profile   • News     • Corporate news     • Technical encyclopedia     • Frequently asked Questions   • Contact     • Contact Us    • Home   • Hand plate model   • Hand plate proofing     • Lighting fixtures     • Low speed vehicle parts     • Copier parts     • Home appliance industry parts     • Part of the medical industry     • Automotive products     • Aluminum alloy cutting parts     • cnc cutting   • 3D printing hand board   • Alibaba   • Service     • 3D laser printing     • Silicone refilm - small batch molding     • cnc cutting   • Case     • Equipment display     • Corporate environment   • About     • Company profile   • News     • Corporate news     • Technical encyclopedia     • Frequently asked Questions   • Contact     • Contact Us   • 中文版 Full site search Hand plate modelHand plate proofing3D printing hand board 产品banner Current position: Home >> Products >> 3D laser printing  Products    • 3D laser printing   • Silicone refilm - small batch molding   • cnc cutting     • Lighting fixtures     • Low speed vehicle parts     • Copier parts     • Home appliance industry parts     • Part of the medical industry     • Automotive products     • Aluminum alloy cutting parts     • cnc cutting  News    • How to judge the quality of aluminum alloy hand plate correctly   • How to develop the model company in the future?   • Why is the hand plate model received so much attention today?   • Aluminum alloy hand plate model appears white spot solution   • What kinds of hand model are there? What are they used for?   • What kinds of hand model are there? What are they used for?  Contact Us  Kunshan Jiashanghe Precision Model Co. LTD.  Contact: Ms. Zhu Chunying  Tel: +86 0512 50338153  Mobile phone: +86 13405193420  Manager Zhang: +86 13773161386  Mail box: 13405193420@163.com  Website: www.jsh-model.com.cn  Address: No.88 Yulong Road, Zhoushi Town, Kunshan City, Jiangsu Province   Aluminum alloy cutting parts  2023-01-04 11:27:28 times Aluminum alloy cutting parts Details：  Principles of 3D printing: Ordinary printers used in daily life can print flat objects designed by computers, while the so-called 3D printers work basically the same principle as ordinary printers, except for some different printing materials. The printing materials of ordinary printers are ink and paper, while the 3D printers are equipped with metal, ceramic, plastic, sand and other "printing materials", which are real raw materials. When connected to a computer, the printer can be controlled by the computer to add layer upon layer of "print material", eventually turning the blueprints on the computer into real objects. In layman's terms, a 3D printer is a device that can "print" real 3D objects, such as a robot, a toy car, models and even food. They are colloquially called "printers" in reference to the technical principles of ordinary printers, because the process of layering is very similar to that of inkjet printing. The printing technology is called 3D stereoscopic printing.    There are many different techniques for 3D printing. They differ in creating parts in the manner of available materials and in different layers of construction. Commonly used materials for 3D printing are nylon glass fiber, polylactic acid, ABS resin, durable nylon material, gypsum material, aluminum material, titanium alloy, stainless steel, silver plated, gold plated, rubber materials.   Up：Aluminum alloy cutting parts2023-01-04 Next：None  Recent Browsing：    • Home   • Service item   • Case presentation   • About us   • Information dynamic   • Contact us Get customized solutions for free  We will provide you with free accounting custom cost  scan the code  Copyright © Kunshan Jiashanghe Precision Model Co. LTD. 苏ICP备16039683号-1 Specializing in Hand plate model,Hand plate proofing,3D printing hand board ,Welcome to inquire!   • 业务咨询   • 13405193420   • Feedback
__label__cc CONTACT Ningbo Dehan hydraulic transmission Co., Ltd Homepage / Contact  CONTACT  Ningbo Dehan hydraulic transmission Co., Ltd     Address: Wumeng Industrial Zone, Beilun District, Ningbo  Contact: Manager Mei  Mobile Phone：13780061025  Tel：+86-574-86816399  E-mail：nbdehan@163.com         Username used for comment: 客户留言 Description: 验证码  OUR POSITION    • 联系电话0574-86816399   • 二维码     二维码   • 留言 在线留言   • top  Search Submit Close  德汉液压 德汉液压  EN   • English   • 中文版   • Home   • About Us      About Us      About Us     • Company Profile     • Culture     • Workshop   • Products      Products      Products     • Hydraulic motor     • Hydraulic winch     • Hydraulic actuator     • Travel motor     • Hydraulic clutch     • Hydraulic system     • Chassis gp-track   • News      News      News     • Company News     • Industry News   • Technology      Technology      Technology     • R&D Capability     • Equipment     • Quality control     • Service Support   • Project Case   • Contact      Contact      Contact     • Contact Us     • Our Position 隐藏导航 x    • Home    • About Us            • Company Profile     • Culture     • Workshop    • Products            • Hydraulic motor     • Hydraulic winch     • Hydraulic actuator     • Travel motor     • Hydraulic clutch     • Hydraulic system     • Chassis gp-track    • News            • Company News     • Industry News    • Technology            • R&D Capability     • Equipment     • Quality control     • Service Support    • Project Case    • Contact            • Contact Us     • Our Position  13780061025  About Us  Company Profile  Culture  Workshop     Products  Hydraulic motor  Hydraulic winch  Hydraulic actuator  Travel motor  Hydraulic clutch  Hydraulic system  Chassis gp-track     News  Company News  Industry News     Technology  R&D Capability  Equipment  Quality control  Service Support     Project Case  Contact  ©2021  Ningbo Dehan hydraulic transmission Co., Ltd  All rights reserved.  浙ICP备17025616号-1  Powered by www.300.cn  E-mail  nbdehan@163.com  Phone  +86-13780061025  TOP  Contact  Address: Wumeng Industrial Zone, Beilun District, Ningbo  Contact: Manager Mei  Mobile Phone：13780061025  Tel：+86-574-86816399  E-mail：nbdehan@163.com  Wechat add Wechat add Mobile Mobile
__label__cc ﻿ Heparin is the legend of the anticoagulant drug_Jiulong Biopharmaceutical 中文 English   • HOME   • ABOUT   • PRODUCT   • ADVANTAGE   • NEWS   • RECRUITMENT   • CONTACT HOME ABOUT PRODUCT ADVANTAGE NEWS RECRUITMENT CONTACT  Heparin is the legend of the anticoagulant drug  　　Heparin is the most complex chemical compound known in the world so far. It cannot be synthesized by artificial chemicals in a short time. At present, only heparin derived from the intestinal mucosa of pigs can be used for clinical treatment.  　　Heparin sodium manufacturer tells you the in vivo action characteristic of heparin:  　　1. Medicinal heparin is a biological preparation extracted from pig small intestine and bovine lung.  　　2. This product can accelerate antithrombin Ⅲ (AT Ⅲ) and activation of the coagulation factor, thrombin and make its inactivation, forming complexes produce anticoagulant effect in vivo and in vitro.  　　3. Fast and strong anticoagulant effect, used for thromboembolic diseases, DIC, cardiovascular surgery, etc.  　　4. Oral non-absorption, often intravenous administration.  　　5. Excessive dose may cause spontaneous bleeding, and long-term use may cause osteoporosis. Liver and kidney dysfunction, peptic ulcer, severe hypertension, pregnant women, with bleeding constitution should be used with caution.  　　Because heparin sodium has the physical and chemical properties of strong negative charge, it can interfere many links of the hemagglutination process, and it has the anticoagulant effect in vivo and in vitro. Its mechanism is complex, mainly through and antithrombin Ⅲ (AT - Ⅲ), and enhance the latter to activate Ⅱ, Ⅸ, Ⅹ, Ⅺ and Ⅻ inhibition of clotting factors.  　　It can prevent platelet aggregation and damage, and hinder the formation of thrombolytic activase. Preventing prothrombin from becoming prothrombin; Inhibit thrombin, thereby preventing fibrinogen from becoming fibrin, achieving the effect of anticoagulation.  　　The legend of the anticoagulant -- Heparin sodium:  　　Heparin sodium, as an anticoagulant, has an effect on many links of the coagulation process, and can prolong the coagulation time and prothrombin time. This product whether in vivo or in vitro, has a rapid anticoagulant effect, mainly on the formation of fibrin, can also reduce platelet aggregation.  　　It can be used for the prevention and treatment of thromboembolic diseases, such as myocardial infarction, pulmonary embolism, cerebral vascular embolism, peripheral venous thrombosis, etc., to prevent the formation and expansion of thrombosis, and can also be used for the early stage of DIC, and other in vivo and in vitro anticoagulation. Early application can prevent the depletion of fibrinogen and coagulation factor, and can also replace citrate in blood transfusion or extracorporeal anticoagulant in extracorporeal circulation.  　　Cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases are the number one killer of human diseases. With the improvement of people's living standards brought about by excess nutrition, the deterioration of the global environment, the accelerated pace of life, the aggravation of the aging of the population, resulting in the global incidence and mortality of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases are increasing year by year, the emergence of heparin has created a miracle of life for many patients with cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases.  　　At present, heparin is the most effective anticoagulant drug with the largest clinical dosage in the world. It is mainly used in the treatment of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases and hemodialysis, among which, heparin is the only effective specific drug in the treatment of hemodialysis. Clinical application and research show that heparin has a variety of other biological activities and clinical USES in addition to anticoagulant effect, including the effect of lowering blood lipid, anti-proliferation of mesofilm smooth muscle cells (SMC), promoting fibrinolysis and so on. In addition, LMWH is a large class of antithrombolytic drugs further processed from heparin API as raw materials, which has a wider range of clinical medical applications and has become the preferred drug for the treatment of acute venous thrombosis and acute coronary syndrome (angina, myocardial infarction) and other diseases.  　　In recent years, the international market has a very strong demand for heparin API, the dosage of heparin preparations has been rising steadily, and the market of low molecular weight heparin has expanded rapidly and maintained a high growth trend. The global heparin drug market is expected to reach $9.703 billion by 2014, with an estimated CAGR of 13.06%.  　　Heparin is the most complex chemical compound known in the world so far. It cannot be synthesized by artificial chemicals in a short time. At present, only heparin derived from the intestinal mucosa of pigs can be used for clinical treatment. The raw material of heparin API is crude heparin, which can only be extracted from the small intestine mucosa of healthy pigs. Due to the large amount of impurity protein, impurity nucleic acid, microorganism and other impurities, the heparin with complete natural structure group should be obtained through physical and chemical extraction and separation process, so as to make heparin API.  　　Heparin sodium API is the only active ingredient of standard heparin preparation and the starting point of production of low molecular weight heparin raw materials. Currently, heparin preparation is only used in clinic according to the way of injection administration, which makes heparin API need to have high purity to ensure the drug safety of the preparation.  　　For more information about heparin sodium, welcome to consult the heparin sodium manufacturer Kowloon Pharmaceutical.   The industry information    • Jiulong: Delivering High-Quali   • Jiulong: A Leading Heparins Ma   • Jiulong: A Leading Heparins Ma   • Dalteparin Sodium Manufacturer   • Enoxaparin Sodium: Unleashing   15610028297  :alex@kangyuan.com.cn  homepage About Us Product Introduction Company Advantages News Recruitment Contact Us  Address: Qingdao producing soft container bags.for industrial park, Kowloon  The phone：15610028297      Copyright © 2015-2020 Qingdao Jiulong Biopharmaceutical Group Co., LTD All Rights Reserved.  转发：
__label__cc   • By Type     • Serviced Apartments     • Offices     • Apartments     • Shops     • Houses     • Thao Dien     • Thao Dien Villa   • By Area     • District 1     • District 2     • District 3     • District 7     • Binh Thanh     • Others  Login  Need an account? Register here! Forgot Password?  Register  A password will be e-mailed to you  Back to Login  Reset Password  Return to Login image company logo   • By Type     • Serviced Apartments     • Offices     • Apartments     • Shops     • Houses   • By Area     • District 1     • District 2     • District 3     • District 7     • Binh Thanh     • Other Districts   • Property Inquiry   • About Us   • Blogs   • 日本語 click to enable zoom searching... We didn't find any results open map View Roadmap Satellite Hybrid Terrain My Location Fullscreen Prev Next Advanced Search All Actions   • All Actions   • Open (52) All Types   • All Types   • Offices (17)   • Thao Dien (36) All Cities   • All Cities   • Ho Chi Minh City (51) All Areas   • All Areas   • Binh Thanh (1)   • District 1 (9)   • District 2 (37)   • District 3 (5)   • Other Districts (2)   • Thao Dien (2)  $ 0 to $ 10,000  We found 0 results. View results Advanced Search All Actions   • All Actions   • Open (52) All Types   • All Types   • Offices (17)   • Thao Dien (36) All Cities   • All Cities   • Ho Chi Minh City (51) All Areas   • All Areas   • Binh Thanh (1)   • District 1 (9)   • District 2 (37)   • District 3 (5)   • Other Districts (2)   • Thao Dien (2)  $ 0 to $ 10,000  we found 0 results   1. Home   2. カテゴリーなし   3. MB Sunny Tower Office Space for lease, 259 Tran Hung Dao St, District 1, HCMC, Vietnam Your search results  MB Sunny Tower Office Space for lease, 259 Tran Hung Dao St, District 1, HCMC, Vietnam  Posted by Matsumoto on 2015-12-29 | カテゴリーなし | 0  Property Name: MB Sunny Tower   Property Type: Office Space for lease  Location: 259 Tran Hung Dao St, District 1, HCMC, Vietnam  Unit size: Office: Pls contact us for updating  Rent Price: Please contact us for updating  Rent Period: at least 3 years  The floor area: 500 sqm  No. of Storey: 1 Ground + 22 office floors + 3 Basements  Lift: 4 elevators  If you need any more information, please do not hesitate to call me at my direct line@  Tel: (84) 8 62743458 or email us at  ressvn@gmail.com       Leave a Reply  Cancel reply    • About US      On 2007, RESS(Real Estate Service Saigon) started for the Japanese community in HCM.     We are well known as Japanese Agent.     With use our skills, experience & information, we are providing the real estate service only in Thao Dien & An Phu.     We made the relationship with Thao Dien real estate owners for a long time.     If there is an inquiry, please feel free to contact us.    • Our Listings      • Offices(17)     • Thao Dien(36)    • Contact      Office: The Manor2,Officetel     91 Nguyen Huu Canh Street, Binh Thanh District, HCMC      Phone: 0916258106 0286274 3458      Email: ressvn@gmail.com / ryouichi@ress.vn    • Business Hour      Monday to Saturday 8:00 am – 17:30 pm  Contact Us  Use the form below to contact us!  The Vista Building Office Space for lease, 628C Xa Lo Ha Noi St, District 2, HCMC, Vietnam Golden Sea Building Office Space for lease, 130 Nguyen Cong Tru St, District 1, HCMC, Vietnam  Compare Listings  Sign into your account Create an account  A password will be e-mailed to you  Reset Password Register here! Forgot Password? Back to Login Return to Login
__label__cc Welcome to Xi'an Jiaotong University!  Contact Us Alumni UASR 中文  nav close   • Home   • About+     • General Information     • Message from the President     • Current Leadership     • History   • Organization+     • Administration     • Schools     • Colleges     • Affiliate Units   • Admissions+     • Undergraduate     • Graduate     • International Exchanges     • Short Term     • Scholarship   • Research+     • Labs & Centers     • Research   • News+     • Latest News     • Teaching & Learning     • Academics     • Student Life   • Campus+     • Campus Pictures     • Videos     • Communities & Activities     • Upcoming     • Services     • Maps Contact Us Alumni UASR 中文 search close Search  Home> About>Current Leadership  22251   • General Information >   • Message from the President >   • Current Leadership >   • History >   • Videos >  Secretary of the CPC Xi'an Jiaotong University Committee   Lu Jianjun  President and Deputy Secretary of the CPC Xi'an Jiaotong University Committee   Zhang Liqun  Executive Vice President   Bie Zhaohong  Deputy Secretary of the CPC Xi'an Jiaotong University Committee   Ma Bohu Sun Zao Wang Huan  Vice President   Chai Wei Yan Junjie Shan Zhiwei Shao Jinyou  Secretary of the Discipline Inspection Commission   Ma Bohu  Assistant President   Shan Wenhua Huang Zhongde  Address: No.28 Xianning West Road, Xi'an, Shaanxi 710049, P.R. China  Copyright ©  Xi'an Jiaotong University. All rights reserved. Presented by China Daily.  陕ICP备06008037号-5
__label__cc  Skip to content Entropy On Tap   • For Businesses   • For Security Vendors   • For You and Your Friends   • My Account Entropy On Tap   • For Businesses   • For Security Vendors   • For You and Your Friends   • My Account  Research. Technology. Nature.  The number of seconds past the minute that you got out of bed.  The people that you share your tube car with on a Thursday morning.  The exact number of milk bottles in that Haribo bag.  All these things look completely random.  Except they aren’t.  Most of the events that we navigate through every day are easy to predict and recreate. A knowledgeable private detective armed with statistics and Internet access can track your life to the tiniest detail without ever needing to follow you.  But there’s something that depends on randomness and unpredictability a thousand times more than your private life (in fact, because of that, it does too).  It is your online security.  Behind 5 of every 10 security protocol attacks stands a weak random number generator.  You may use the strongest ever encryption, 2FA, and be 100% GDPR-compliant when dealing with personal data, but low quality of random numbers used in your security ecosystem can compromise the whole thing.  Entropy on Tap is a source of truly random numbers.  We pull entropy from a multitude of natural sources to provide the highest quality random numbers for your security applications. Our random numbers are unpredictable and irreversible. Our generators are non-cloneable and protected from outside influence.  Read more about our innovative approach.  For Businesses  Decrease your attack surface by switching your day-to-day random number generation matters to Entropy on Tap.   For Security Vendors  Generate amazingly strong cryptographic keys at a fraction of hardware solution costs.  For You and Your Friends  Make complex decisions easy by leveraging our free choice taking app.  What’s in the Box?    • High-quality random numbers based on entropy pulled from an array of independent, variable, zero-predictable sources   • Easy-to-use Web API   • A platform-independent and Cloud-friendly solution   • Transparent pricing model and cost-effective subscription plans   • An option of on-prem deployment    • FAQ   • API and Downloads   • Terms of Use   • Cookies   • Privacy Policy  Copyright © 2026 Take Digital Limited  Scroll to Top
__label__cc Skip to content  Family Genealogy    • Theme     clouds colors F.A.B. minimal webtrees xenea   • Palette     Aqua Marine Ash Belgian Chocolate Blue Lagoon Blue Marine Coffee and Cream Cold Day Green Beam Mediterranio Mercury Nocturnal Olivia Pink Plastic Sage Shiny Tomato Teal Top   • Language     Afrikaans bosanski català čeština dansk Deutsch eesti American English British English español français galego hrvatski íslenska italiano lietuvių magyar Nederlands polski português slovenčina suomi svenska Tiếng Việt Türkçe Ελληνικά български қазақ тілі русский українська ქართული עברית العربية 简体中文 繁體中文   • Sign in   • Family tree   • Charts     Charts Ancestors Compact tree Descendants Family book Fan chart Hourglass chart Interactive tree Lifespans Pedigree Relationships Statistics Timeline   • Lists     Lists Branches Families Individuals Media objects   • Calendar     Calendar Day Month Year   • Reports     Reports Ancestors Births Burials Deaths Descendants Family Individual Marriages Pedigree Related individuals Vital records   • Search     Search General search Phonetic search Advanced search  Pedigree tree of Capt. Richard Walker  webtrees Privacy policy This website uses cookies to learn about visitor behavior.
__label__cc Fane Pro Audio logo Search AccountACCOUNT BasketBASKET   • HOME   • ABOUT   • PRODUCTS   • DOWNLOADS   • NEWS   • WHERE TO BUY   • CONTACT US HOME›Products›SHOW ALL›AF-8P New AF-8P  AF-8P  PROFESSIONAL POWER AMPLIFIER  Data Sheet (0 Reviews)  Review this item £POA RRP Inc. VAT AVAILABILITY : IN STOCK   • DESCRIPTION   • SPECIFICATION   • DOWNLOADS   • REVIEWS   • RELATED PRODUCTS General Specifications Input Sensitivity 0.775/ 1.0 /1.4V Frequency Response 30 Hz - 20 kHz (+1/-0.5dB) Signal-to-Noise Ratio > 95dB Crosstalk Suppression > 75dB Protection Soft Start, Short Circuit, Limiter, DC Fault, AC Line Fuse, Thermal Cut Power Supply AC 180V-240V/ 50Hz Damping Coefficient 400 Hz - 1 kHz > 400 Maximum Power Consumption 1800W Output Power - Stereo - 8Ω 2x 800W / 8Ω Output Power - Stereo - 4Ω 2x 1300W / 4Ω Output Power - Bridge - 8Ω 2200W / 8Ω Construction and Shipping Information Gross Weight 20 Kg Product Size (W*D*H) 485 x 485 x 100 mm Packing Size (W*D*H) 555 x 555 x 155 mm Applications Total Harmonic Distortion < 0.1% @81 kHz Ω Voltage Gain 60dB DescriptionSizeFormatGet File AF-SERIES Datasheet0.79Mb.pdfDOWNLOAD FacebookTwitterInstagramYoutube Stay connected. Get fresh content from Fane to your email box SUBSCRIBE Fane Pro Audio logo ABOUT US History News Archive Case Studies Contact Us OUR BRANDS Fane Component Speakers Fane Acoustics Fane Pro Audio systems PRODUCTS SV-SERIES NUWA-SERIES SK-SERIES SA-SERIES ST-SERIES SHOW-ALL RESOURSES Downloads Media SOCIAL MEDIA Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube ACCOUNT Login Delivery Returns Terms and conditions Privacy Policy Accessibility © 2018 Fane Pro Audio Limited. All rights Reserved. Site developed by Edoru PRODUCT COMPARISON You've reached the maximum comparison limit of four products. Please choose one of the following options.... VIEW COMPARISIONS ADDED TO BASKET CLOSE X CONTINUE SHOPPING GO TO CHECKOUT
__label__cc Fedora Email   • Log in  Log in  Account information  © 2020 Fedora Email. info@fedora.email.
__label__cc  Books, Inq. - The Epilogue http://booksinq.blogspot.com © Frank Wilson en Arts Literature podcastmachine.com 60 https://podcastmachine.com/assets/default_logo_144x144-b38fc54fdd2539887c73c8286cac7bbe35adc81b15af28311fba5e3e862ec495.png Books, Inq. - The Epilogue http://booksinq.blogspot.com 144 144 Frank Wilson The podcast for Books, Inq. - The Epilogue Frank Wilson presterfrank@gmail.com no An Interview with Byron Janis Frank Wilson Byron Janis triumphed over severe arthritis to become one of the most legendary pianists of his generation. In this podcast, Janis sits down with Frank Wilson of Books, Inq. - The Epilogue to discuss the 2010 memoir "Chopin and Beyond" that chronicles the unusual experiences that have made Janis the musician, and man, that he is. ---- Interview by Frank Wilson of Books, Inq. - The Epilogue | booksinq.blogspot.com ---- Recorded 5 January 2010 in Philadelphia and New York ---- Edited and Produced by Laura Mikowychok ---- Musical selections performed by Byron Janis 34:14 http://feed.podcastmachine.com/podcasts/1435/episodes/38386 Sun, 30 Jan 2011 04:52:58 +0000 http://feed.podcastmachine.com/podcasts/1435/episodes/38386 classical piano, piano, janis, byron janis, chopin, arthritis, paranormal clean Advent Frank Wilson A Poem for the Season 01:15 http://feed.podcastmachine.com/podcasts/1435/episodes/13175 Sat, 05 Dec 2009 18:06:03 +0000 http://feed.podcastmachine.com/podcasts/1435/episodes/13175 poem, advent, christmas, villanelle no At Rest Frank Wilson A dream poem 00:41 http://feed.podcastmachine.com/podcasts/1435/episodes/12247 Sat, 21 Nov 2009 19:19:22 +0000 http://feed.podcastmachine.com/podcasts/1435/episodes/12247 no Wayfaring Frank Wilson A poem 01:29 http://feed.podcastmachine.com/podcasts/1435/episodes/7422 Fri, 21 Aug 2009 17:17:04 +0000 http://feed.podcastmachine.com/podcasts/1435/episodes/7422 no Hearkening - A Poem Frank Wilson One of the poems written on vacation in a cabin in Vosburg Neck. 00:36 http://feed.podcastmachine.com/podcasts/1435/episodes/6829 Fri, 31 Jul 2009 00:00:00 +0000 http://feed.podcastmachine.com/podcasts/1435/episodes/6829 poem, Hearkening no
__label__cc   • Home   • Company   • Services   • Clients   • H1B Registration   • Careers   • Partners   • Contact  H1B Registration    • Home   • H1B Registration  H1B Registrations 2023  (Filing start Date: March 01 2022 to March 18th 2022 12:pmEst)  Legal Name of the beneficiary(as per passport)          MaleFemale        If the Beneficiary earned a us Masters or Higher Degree         OPTSTEM OPTCPTH4 EAD & L1L2       • Cedar Park TX       921 W New Hope Dr,Suite #701 Cedar Park TX-78613     • hr@fidelissoftwaresolutions.com     • 215-310-1212     IT Services     • Consulting     • Application Renovation     • App Development     • Application Maintenance     • System Software     • Testing     Quick links     • Careers     • Clients     • Company     • Partners     © 2021 Fidelis. All Rights Reserved.     • Home     • Company     • Services     • Clients     • H1B Registration     • Careers     • Partners     • Contact
__label__cc No forwarding set for fivestartraveluk.co.uk
__label__cc previous arrow next arrow Slider   • Home   • About Us     • Impact     • Chronology     • Guiding & Operating Principles     • Contact   • Eng Tech Education     • E T Forum     • ET Programs     • MSSC Skills   • Initiatives     • FLATE Awards     • Industry 4.0 Future of Work Skills       • Technician Future of Work Issues Caucus       • Updating Florida’s ET Pathways     • Industry Tours     • Summer Camps   • Dashboard   • Outreach & Recruitment     • Educational Resources       • Toothpick Factory     • Statewide Engineering Technology Industry Advisory Board     • Student Organizations     • Partner Projects       • Academic       • Industry       • Government   • News     • Latest News     • Blog     • Publications     • FLATE Press Releases   • Events     • FLATE Webinar Series     • Speed Networking     • Other FLATE Events     • FLATE Calendar  Industry Tours  Made in Florida Industry Tours  Made in Florida industry tours are designed to create student interest in today’s modern manufacturing careers and encourage enrollment in the essential technology programs available throughout the state.  What are the benefits of visiting hi-tech manufacturing facilities? It helps build the pipeline of STEM workers by exposing more students to STEM careers. The tours relate STEM to the real world, and ideally include lessons before and after the tour to maximize the impact of the experience.  Check out our “Industry Tour for Students Guide’ a FLATE’s Best Practices guide, with resources and tips to help connect students and educators with their industry partners. It provides tools and sample materials needed for a successful “Made in Florida Tour”.  Celebrate Manufacturing Month!  Manufacturing (MFG) Day—which officially falls on the first Friday of October but is now celebrated throughout October — is manufacturing’s chance to inspire the next generation of manufacturers and educate students, parents, teachers and the public on the important role that manufacturers play in our lives.  To learn more about Manufacturing Month resources available to help you plan your student event, click on the logo above.  Student Comments:  “I love everything about this tour. I love that there is different kinds of steps to get the higher position.”  “I liked being able to see how the machinery worked I also liked how nice everyone at the company was.”  “I enjoyed watching people work with the machinery. Especially when someone was making a brass bushing; we use those in class and the size difference was humorously extreme.”  “Man! That was COOL!  When I turn 18, I’m going to come back here and apply for a job. They have so many opportunities!!”  Search the site  Archives  Did you know…  The State of Florida has the third largest population in country, with an official 2020 estimate of 21.5 million persons and approximately 58% of the population is in the civilian labor force (12,600,000).              Terms of Use | Privacy Statement  Florida Advanced Technological Education Center (FLATE) Copyright © 2026 All Rights Reserved  Designed by OneGraphic.com
__label__cc Foodea  default-logo Menu   • Home   • Product   • About Us   • My Account Home / Canned Tin Food / Baked Beans 450 gm Baked Beans 450 gm  Baked Beans 450 gm  ₹125.00  Foodea Canned Baked Beans are a popular breakfast or brunch food in the United Kingdom and other parts of the world. They are typically made with haricot beans (navy beans) in a tomato sauce flavored with sugar, salt, and vinegar. Other spices and herbs, such as mustard, onion, and garlic, may also be added. Quantity – 1 kg  MADE FROM FOODEA BAKED BEANS  Ingredients for Burrito Bowl    • Avocado 1   • Lemon juice 1/2 teaspoon   • Onion finely chopped 1 tablespoon   • Tomato finely chopped 1 tablespoon   • Green chilli finely chopped 1   • coriander leaves chopped 1 tablespoon   • Salt to taste   • Rice   • Basmati rice boiled 2 cups   • Oil 1 1/2 tablespoons   • Garlic chopped 1 tablespoon   • Onion finely chopped 2 tablespoons   • Yellow capsicum finely chopped 2 tablespoons   • Red capsicum finely chopped 2 tablespoons   • Green capsicum finely chopped 2 tablespoons   • Sweet corn kernels boiled 1/4 cup   • bake beans   • Salt to taste   • Foodea Crushed black peppercorns to taste   • Foodea Red chilli flakes 1 teaspoon   • Fresh thyme 2-3 sprigs   • Foodea Tomato ketchup 1 1/2 tablespoons   • coriander leaves chopped 1 tablespoon      • To Serve    • Iceberg lettuce leaves as required   • English cucumber slices   • Avocado slices   • Sour cream   • Sriracha Mayo   • coriander sprig for garnish   • Toasted tortilla triangles  Method    • To make guacamole, halve the avocado, scoop out the flesh into a bowl. Add lemon juice mash with a fork.   • Add onion, tomato, green chilies, coriander leaves and salt, mix well and set aside.   • To make rice, heat oil in a non-stick wok, add garlic and sauté well. Add onion and sauté till translucent.   • Add yellow capsicum, red capsicum and green capsicum and mix well. Cook for 1 minute.   • Add sweet corn and kidney beans and toss well. Add salt and mix.   • Add rice, crushed black peppercorns and dried red chili flakes and mix well. Separate the leaves of thyme sprigs and add into the pan and mix well. Add tomato ketchup and mix till well combined. Add coriander leaves and mix, take the pan off the heat.   • To assemble, spread a few ice berg lettuce leaves in a bowl, add a portion of the rice on top. Top with some salsa, some guacamole, a few cucumber slices, avocado slices and sour cream.   • Drizzle siracha mayo and garnish with a coriander sprig and serve immediately with toasted tortilla triangles.  Category: Canned Tin Food   • Additional information  Additional information  Weight 1 kg  Related products    • Jalapeno Sliced 650 gm      Jalapeno Sliced 650 gm      Read more   • Pitted Green Olives 450 gm      Pitted Green Olives 450 gm      Read more   • Alphonso Mango Pulp 850 gm      Alphonso Mango Pulp 850 gm      ₹299.00     Add to cart   • Pitted Black Olives 450 gm      Pitted Black Olives 450 gm      Read more  M.K Food lion Pvt. Ltd  Address:  21-22-23 Shree Ram Industrial Estate, Opp. Shah Alloys Mills, Khatraj Road, Santej, Tal-Kalol, Dis- Gandhinagar, Gujarat-382721. 🇮🇳  Product    • Ready to eat   • Boiled Pulses   • Canned Food   • Sauces   • Frozen Fresh   • Pulses  Quick Links    • Events   • Download Brochure   • Export   • Policy   • Disclaimer   • Terms & Conditions  Contact Us  +91 90819 94402  Email:  info@foodea.in  Get in Touch with Us !  Instagram Facebook Youtube ✕
__label__cc Foodea  default-logo Menu   • Home   • Product   • About Us   • My Account Home / Heat and Eat / Panchratna Dal 1 kg Panchratna Dal 1 kg  Panchratna Dal 1 kg  ₹499.00  Immerse yourself in the wholesome and nutritious Panchratna Dal. Made with a blend of five lentils (toor dal, chana dal, urad dal, moong dal, and masoor dal), this ready-to-eat product is packed with protein and packed with flavors. Quantity – 1 kg   PANCHRATNA DAL  Ingredients for Panchratna Dal    • Foodea Panchratna Dal   • Coriander leaf For Garnishing  Method    • Take a pan put Panchratna Dal   • Boil it for 2 to 3 minutes   • Garnish it with coriander leaf and served hot  Category: Heat and Eat   • Additional information  Additional information  Weight 1 kg  Related products    • Pav Bhaji 1 kg      Pav Bhaji 1 kg      ₹499.00     Add to cart   • Amritsari Chana 1 kg      Amritsari Chana 1 kg      ₹499.00     Add to cart   • Dal Tadka 1 kg      Dal Tadka 1 kg      ₹499.00     Add to cart   • Dal Makhani 1 kg      Dal Makhani 1 kg      ₹499.00     Add to cart  M.K Food lion Pvt. Ltd  Address:  21-22-23 Shree Ram Industrial Estate, Opp. Shah Alloys Mills, Khatraj Road, Santej, Tal-Kalol, Dis- Gandhinagar, Gujarat-382721. 🇮🇳  Product    • Ready to eat   • Boiled Pulses   • Canned Food   • Sauces   • Frozen Fresh   • Pulses  Quick Links    • Events   • Download Brochure   • Export   • Policy   • Disclaimer   • Terms & Conditions  Contact Us  +91 90819 94402  Email:  info@foodea.in  Get in Touch with Us !  Instagram Facebook Youtube ✕
__label__cc Arcade Collecting > Pinball  Pac Man Arcade Pro Pinball Game (Pretty decent tabletop pinball game)  (1/1)  MrThunderwing: I picked up this Pac Man Arcade Pro Pinball Game last week and thought that it was actually really quite decent (with one fairly big caveat). This thing packs a lot of real pinball punch into a small form factor. If you think it might be of interest to you, please check out my mini review below.  pbj: $150?   :laugh2:  MrThunderwing: You laugh PBJ, but I know you're aware we always get screwed over with the price of electronic goods over here in the UK vs the US - just look at the difference in price of a PS5 Pro on either side of the Atlantic (not that I'd ever have any intention of getting one). And besides, this is hardly the most extravagant novelty purchase I've ever made (and ---fudgesicle--- it, I paid my mortgage off last year, I can treat myself to nice things)  bobbyb13: Congrats on the mortgage! I'll be dust before mine is paid off.  It has always surprised me that if pins are as popular as they are that there aren't a host of companies building a full size table at a price point that is maybe half of what those modern Stern's go for.  Navigation  [0] Message Index  Go to full version
__label__cc Sharia debates in Africa  Sharia debates and their perception by Christians and Muslims in selected African Countries - An International, Comparative and Multidisciplinary Research Project at University of Bayreuth  Skip to content   Advanced search   • Board index   • Change font size   • FAQ   • Register   • Login  Sharia debates in Africa - Registration  By accessing “Sharia debates in Africa” (hereinafter “we”, “us”, “our”, “Sharia debates in Africa”, “http://forum.sharia-in-africa.net”), you agree to be legally bound by the following terms. If you do not agree to be legally bound by all of the following terms then please do not access and/or use “Sharia debates in Africa”. We may change these at any time and we’ll do our utmost in informing you, though it would be prudent to review this regularly yourself as your continued usage of “Sharia debates in Africa” after changes mean you agree to be legally bound by these terms as they are updated and/or amended.  Our forums are powered by phpBB (hereinafter “they”, “them”, “their”, “phpBB software”, “www.phpbb.com”, “phpBB Group”, “phpBB Teams”) which is a bulletin board solution released under the “General Public License” (hereinafter “GPL”) and can be downloaded from www.phpbb.com. The phpBB software only facilitates internet based discussions, the phpBB Group are not responsible for what we allow and/or disallow as permissible content and/or conduct. For further information about phpBB, please see: http://www.phpbb.com/.  You agree not to post any abusive, obscene, vulgar, slanderous, hateful, threatening, sexually-orientated or any other material that may violate any laws be it of your country, the country where “Sharia debates in Africa” is hosted or International Law. Doing so may lead to you being immediately and permanently banned, with notification of your Internet Service Provider if deemed required by us. The IP address of all posts are recorded to aid in enforcing these conditions. You agree that “Sharia debates in Africa” have the right to remove, edit, move or close any topic at any time should we see fit. As a user you agree to any information you have entered to being stored in a database. While this information will not be disclosed to any third party without your consent, neither “Sharia debates in Africa” nor phpBB shall be held responsible for any hacking attempt that may lead to the data being compromised.      • Board index   • The team • Delete all board cookies • All times are UTC + 1 hour [ DST ] Powered by phpBB © 2000, 2002, 2005, 2007 phpBB Group
__label__cc yourdomain  hello world  Skip to content  Advanced search   • Quick links     • Unanswered topics     • Active topics     • Search   • FAQ   • Login   • Register   • Board index   • Search  Information  Sorry but this board is currently unavailable.    • Board index   • All times are UTC   • Delete cookies   • Contact us  Powered by phpBB® Forum Software © phpBB Limited  Privacy | Terms      
__label__cc Index of /R-L1centrality  [ICO]NameLast modifiedSizeDescription [PARENTDIR]Parent Directory   -   [ ]L1centrality_0.3.0.t..>2024-11-06 04:18 158KGZIP compressed docume> [ ]L1centrality_0.2.1.t..>2024-09-04 19:45 155KGZIP compressed docume> [ ]L1centrality_0.2.0.t..>2024-08-20 16:58 155KGZIP compressed docume> [ ]L1centrality_0.1.1.t..>2024-05-01 23:56 148KGZIP compressed docume> [ ]L1centrality_0.0.3.t..>2024-01-18 21:04 145KGZIP compressed docume> Apache/2.4 Server at fra.de.distfiles.macports.org Port 80
__label__cc XxxTeen 18 Yers Ancient Indian Order of the day Partisan 18+ With the addition.. Bookmark movie ADDED: 2024-11-17 | Duration: 8:06   MORE TOP BEST VIDEOS :  Added: 2024-11-17 by: Added: 2024-03-28 by: Added: 2024-11-17 by:  Added: 2024-11-17 by: Added: 2024-03-28 by: Added: 2024-03-28 by:  Added: 2024-11-17 by: Added: 2024-11-17 by: Added: 2024-11-17 by:  Added: 2024-03-28 by: Added: 2024-11-17 by: Added: 2024-03-28 by:  Added: 2024-11-17 by: Added: 2024-03-28 by: Added: 2024-11-17 by:  Added: 2024-11-17 by: Added: 2024-11-17 by: Added: 2024-03-28 by:  Added: 2024-11-17 by: Added: 2024-03-28 by: Added: 2024-11-17 by:  Added: 2024-03-28 by: Added: 2024-11-17 by: Added: 2024-03-28 by:  Added: 2024-03-28 by: Added: 2024-03-28 by: Added: 2024-11-17 by:  Added: 2024-11-17 by: Added: 2024-11-17 by: Added: 2024-03-28 by:       • * Xnxx *   • * Tiny Sex *   • * Vintage Xxx Tubes *   • * China Porn *   • * XxxCom *   • * Hot XXX Movies *   • * Xxx xTube *   • * xxxvideodownload.net *   • * Youjizz *   • * Beeg *   • * Xxx Free *   • * Girls Sex Movies *   • * Ok xxx *   • * Tiny Sex *   • * xxx porn tube *   • * Tube8 Porn *   • * Gorgeus Girls Porn *   • * Xxx Vids *   • * Xnxxx *   • * Teen erotica *   • * Thumbzilla *   • * Xnxx Com *   • * Lingrie Xxx Video *   • * Xxx Tube *   • * Teen Anal Sex *   • * Granny Porn *   • * iXXX *   • * xmovs-porn.cfd *   • * Sex Movs *   • * TikTok XXX *   • * Porno Tube *   • * Javguru *   • * Freeporn *   • * Vintagetube *   • * Classicporn *   • * Sex Free Movie *   • * XXX Video Tubes *   • * Tube porn classic *   • * Free Porn Xxx *   • * tokyoporn.me *   • * xxxmovie.blog *   • * PornHat *   • * Beeg Com *   • * upornia.club *   • * XVideo *   • * SexVid *   • * Spankbang *   • * Bdsm XXX Tubes *   • * Teens anal sex *   • * TEEN XXX *   • * Fux Porn *   • * beeg *   • * Xxxfree *   • * Xxxhd *   • * xvideos *   • * Hd Xxx Films *   • * Mature FuckVideo *   • * FUQ *   • * AnyBunny *   • * 8xvideo.com *   • * xtubes *   • * Pornkai *   • * Beeg Free *   • * Javguru *   • * Voyeur *   • * Javhd *   • * xhamster *   • * Xnxx Com *   • * Xxx Stereo *   • * hdporno *   • * DrTuber *   • * Hunter Fuck Tube *   • * Hclips *   • * Beeg Free *   • * Xxx Free *   • * xxxtube.watch *   | Keezmovies|gotporn-free|gaysextube.pro|xxxhamster.club|xxx-gay.icu|
__label__cc Index of /gnu.org/libunistring  Icon  Name                            Last modified      Size  Description [PARENTDIR] Parent Directory                                     -    [   ] libunistring-0.9.1.1.tar.gz     2009-08-17 10:02  2.2M   [   ] libunistring-0.9.1.1.tar.gz.sig 2009-08-17 10:01   72    [   ] libunistring-0.9.1.tar.gz       2009-07-01 03:22  2.3M   [   ] libunistring-0.9.1.tar.gz.sig   2009-07-01 03:22   72    [   ] libunistring-0.9.10.tar.gz      2018-05-25 18:15  3.6M   [   ] libunistring-0.9.10.tar.gz.sig  2018-05-25 18:15  801    [   ] libunistring-0.9.10.tar.xz      2018-05-25 18:15  2.0M   [   ] libunistring-0.9.10.tar.xz.sig  2018-05-25 18:15  801    [   ] libunistring-0.9.2.1.tar.gz     2010-01-01 12:35  2.4M   [   ] libunistring-0.9.2.1.tar.gz.sig 2010-01-01 12:34   72    [   ] libunistring-0.9.2.tar.gz       2009-12-26 20:36  2.4M   [   ] libunistring-0.9.2.tar.gz.sig   2009-12-26 20:35   72    [   ] libunistring-0.9.3.tar.gz       2010-05-02 23:44  2.4M   [   ] libunistring-0.9.3.tar.gz.sig   2010-05-02 23:43   72    [   ] libunistring-0.9.4.tar.gz       2014-09-01 03:58  2.8M   [   ] libunistring-0.9.4.tar.gz.sig   2014-09-01 03:58  819    [   ] libunistring-0.9.4.tar.xz       2014-09-01 03:58  1.6M   [   ] libunistring-0.9.4.tar.xz.sig   2014-09-01 03:58  819    [   ] libunistring-0.9.5.tar.gz       2015-02-16 13:16  3.3M   [   ] libunistring-0.9.5.tar.gz.sig   2015-02-16 13:16  819    [   ] libunistring-0.9.5.tar.xz       2015-02-16 13:16  1.8M   [   ] libunistring-0.9.5.tar.xz.sig   2015-02-16 13:16  819    [   ] libunistring-0.9.6.tar.gz       2015-07-08 11:38  3.4M   [   ] libunistring-0.9.6.tar.gz.sig   2015-07-08 11:38  819    [   ] libunistring-0.9.6.tar.xz       2015-07-08 11:38  1.9M   [   ] libunistring-0.9.6.tar.xz.sig   2015-07-08 11:38  819    [   ] libunistring-0.9.7.tar.gz       2016-12-02 17:53  3.4M   [   ] libunistring-0.9.7.tar.gz.sig   2016-12-02 17:53  801    [   ] libunistring-0.9.7.tar.xz       2016-12-02 17:53  1.9M   [   ] libunistring-0.9.7.tar.xz.sig   2016-12-02 17:53  801    [   ] libunistring-0.9.8.tar.gz       2017-11-30 10:01  3.5M   [   ] libunistring-0.9.8.tar.gz.sig   2017-11-30 10:01  833    [   ] libunistring-0.9.8.tar.xz       2017-11-30 10:01  1.9M   [   ] libunistring-0.9.8.tar.xz.sig   2017-11-30 10:01  833    [   ] libunistring-0.9.9.tar.gz       2018-02-28 17:22  3.6M   [   ] libunistring-0.9.9.tar.gz.sig   2018-02-28 17:22  854    [   ] libunistring-0.9.9.tar.xz       2018-02-28 17:22  1.9M   [   ] libunistring-0.9.9.tar.xz.sig   2018-02-28 17:22  854    [   ] libunistring-0.9.tar.gz         2009-04-27 12:12  2.2M   [   ] libunistring-0.9.tar.gz.sig     2009-04-27 12:12   72    [   ] libunistring-1.0.tar.gz         2022-01-04 21:39  4.0M   [   ] libunistring-1.0.tar.gz.sig     2022-01-04 21:39  833    [   ] libunistring-1.0.tar.xz         2022-01-04 21:40  2.3M   [   ] libunistring-1.0.tar.xz.sig     2022-01-04 21:40  833    [   ] libunistring-1.1.tar.gz         2022-10-16 22:49  4.1M   [   ] libunistring-1.1.tar.gz.sig     2022-10-16 22:49  833    [   ] libunistring-1.1.tar.xz         2022-10-16 22:50  2.3M   [   ] libunistring-1.1.tar.xz.sig     2022-10-16 22:50  833    [   ] libunistring-1.2.tar.gz         2024-02-24 16:59  4.3M   [   ] libunistring-1.2.tar.gz.sig     2024-02-24 16:59  833    [   ] libunistring-1.2.tar.xz         2024-02-24 16:59  2.4M   [   ] libunistring-1.2.tar.xz.sig     2024-02-24 16:59  833    [   ] libunistring-1.3.tar.gz         2024-10-16 20:20  4.8M   [   ] libunistring-1.3.tar.gz.sig     2024-10-16 20:20  833    [   ] libunistring-1.3.tar.xz         2024-10-16 20:20  2.6M   [   ] libunistring-1.3.tar.xz.sig     2024-10-16 20:20  833    [   ] libunistring-1.4.1.tar.gz       2025-10-05 17:54  4.8M   [   ] libunistring-1.4.1.tar.gz.sig   2025-10-05 17:54  228    [   ] libunistring-1.4.1.tar.xz       2025-10-05 17:54  2.6M   [   ] libunistring-1.4.1.tar.xz.sig   2025-10-05 17:54  228    [   ] libunistring-1.4.2.tar.gz       2026-02-24 00:33  4.8M   [   ] libunistring-1.4.2.tar.gz.sig   2026-02-24 00:33  228    [   ] libunistring-1.4.2.tar.xz       2026-02-24 00:33  2.7M   [   ] libunistring-1.4.2.tar.xz.sig   2026-02-24 00:33  228    [   ] libunistring-1.4.tar.gz         2025-09-27 23:12  4.8M   [   ] libunistring-1.4.tar.gz.sig     2025-09-27 23:12  228    [   ] libunistring-1.4.tar.xz         2025-09-27 23:13  2.6M   [   ] libunistring-1.4.tar.xz.sig     2025-09-27 23:13  228    [   ] libunistring-latest.tar.gz      2026-02-24 00:33  4.8M   [   ] libunistring-latest.tar.gz.sig  2026-02-24 00:33  228    [   ] libunistring-latest.tar.xz      2026-02-24 00:33  2.7M   [   ] libunistring-latest.tar.xz.sig  2026-02-24 00:33  228 Apache/2.4.63 (Ubuntu) Server at ftp.artfiles.org Port 80
__label__cc # Copyright 1999-2023 Gentoo Authors # Distributed under the terms of the GNU General Public License v2 EAPI=8 # ebuild generated by hackport 0.6.9999 CABAL_FEATURES="lib profile haddock hoogle hscolour test-suite" inherit haskell-cabal DESCRIPTION="Parser for JavaScript" HOMEPAGE="https://github.com/erikd/language-javascript" SRC_URI="https://hackage.haskell.org/package/${P}/${P}.tar.gz" LICENSE="BSD" SLOT="0/${PV}" KEYWORDS="~amd64 ~arm64 ~ppc64 ~riscv ~x86" IUSE="" RDEPEND=">=dev-haskell/blaze-builder-0.2:=[profile?] >=dev-haskell/mtl-1.1:=[profile?] >=dev-haskell/semigroups-0.16.1:=[profile?] >=dev-haskell/text-1.2:=[profile?] >=dev-haskell/utf8-string-0.3.7:=[profile?] =dev-lang/ghc-7.4.1:= " DEPEND="${RDEPEND} dev-haskell/alex >=dev-haskell/cabal-1.9.2 >=dev-haskell/happy-1.19.12 test? ( dev-haskell/hspec >=dev-haskell/quickcheck-2 >=dev-haskell/utf8-light-0.4 ) "
__label__cc Bandwidth Utilization Bar      Directory: /slackware/slackware-13.1/patches/source/fixesproto/post-install/   File Name  ↓ File Size  ↓ Date  ↓    Parent directory/--
__label__cc Index of /pub/opensuse/repositories/benchmark:/ltp:/devel/openSUSE_Factory/  File Name  ↓ File Size  ↓ Date  ↓  Parent directory/-- i586/-2026-Mar-05 01:23 noarch/-2026-Feb-16 15:42 repodata/-2026-Mar-05 01:27 x86_64/-2026-Mar-05 01:27 benchmark:ltp:devel.repo 2982026-Mar-05 01:27 This server can also be reached on the Tor network at lysator7eknrfl47rlyxvgeamrv7ucefgrrlhk7rouv3sna25asetwid.onion Information: Data handling policy The mirror administration can be reached at ftp-master (at) lysator.liu.se
__label__cc      __ _                _                                  _     / _| |              (_)                                | |    | |_| |_ _ __   _ __  _  __ ___      ____ _   _ __   ___| |_    |  _| __| '_ \ | '_ \| |/ _` \ \ /\ / / _` | | '_ \ / _ \ __|    | | | |_| |_) || |_) | | (_| |\ V  V / (_| |_| | | |  __/ |_    |_|  \__| .__(_) .__/|_|\__, | \_/\_/ \__,_(_)_| |_|\___|\__|            | |    | |       __/ |            |_|    |_|      |___/          respect.for.the.legend 					     Welcome to the Atari FTP Archive! We're glad to see you enjoy the best  computer ever. We are striving to archive as much atari/8bit/demoscene  related material as possible and we're doing it since 2002 (previously  known as ftp.atari.art.pl).  The archive is around 886GB in 941689 files at the moment (2022-04-15).   Please read welcome.msg for more details. [ICO]NameLast modifiedSizeDescription [PARENTDIR]Parent Directory  -   [TXT]0info.html2013-05-04 00:00 254   [ ]musique_ad_1.mod2013-05-04 00:00 57K  Support us on patreon or patronite or paypal.me Hosted on supra.link
__label__cc Index of /pub/percona/pgg-12.8/yum/release/8Server/RPMS/x86_64/  File Name  ↓ File Size  ↓ Date  ↓  Parent directory/-- repodata/-2021-Aug-14 10:57 This mirror is sponsored by Your.Org.  This data is available by IPv4 and IPv6, by FTP, HTTP and rsync.  /pub/centos                      CentOS 7/8 mirror /pub/CentOS-Stream-All		 CentOS 9 mirror /pub/fedora-epel                 Fedora EPEL /pub/FreeBSD                     Primary FreeBSD FTP Archive /pub/FreeBSD-Archive             Historical archive of past releases /pub/FreeBSD-CVS                 Full CVS Repository /pub/FreeBSD-Unofficial-Packages Unofficial locally produced packages /pub/kiwix                       Kiwix mirror /pub/NetBSD                      NetBSD mirror /pub/percona                     Percona mirror /pub/pkgsrc                      NetBSD pkgsrc mirror /pub/ubuntu/archive              Ubuntu archive /pub/ubuntu/cdimage              Ubuntu cdimage /pub/ubuntu/releases             Ubuntu releases /pub/wikimedia                   Archives from the Wikimedia foundation /pub/wikimedia/dumps             Wikimedia database dumps /pub/wikimedia/images            Wikimedia raw images /pub/wikimedia/imagedumps        Wikimedia image dumps  The above directories are also accessible via anonymous rsync. Use "rsync ftpmirror.your.org::" to see a list of rsyncable modules.
__label__cc Full-text Institutional Repository  of the Ruđer Bošković Institute   FULIR   • Home   • About   • Browse     • Browse by Year     • Browse by Subject     • Browse by Division     • Browse by Author     • Browse by Author RBI     • Browse by Document type   • Search   • Policies   • Usage reports   • FAQ Login | Create Account hrvatski jezikClear Cookie - decide language by browser settings  A novel Porphyromonas gingivalis enzyme: An atypical dipeptidyl peptidase III with an ARM repeat domain  Hromić-Jahjefendić, Altijana; Jajčanin Jozić, Nina; Kazazić, Saša; Grabar Branilović, Marina; Karačić, Zrinka; Schrittwieser, Jörg H.; Krishna Mohan, Padmanabha Das; Tomin, Marko; Oberer, Monika; Gruber, Karl; Abramić, Marija; Tomić, Sanja (2017) A novel Porphyromonas gingivalis enzyme: An atypical dipeptidyl peptidase III with an ARM repeat domain. PLoS One, 12 (11). ISSN 1932-6203  [img] Preview  PDF - Published Version - article Available under License Creative Commons Attribution. Download (17MB) | Preview Official URL: http://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.137...  Abstract  Porphyromonas gingivalis, an asaccharolytic Gram-negative oral anaerobe, is a major pathogen associated with adult periodontitis, a chronic infective disease that a significant percentage of the human population suffers from. It preferentially utilizes dipeptides as its carbon source, suggesting the importance of dipeptidyl peptidase (DPP) types of enzyme for its growth. Until now DPP IV, DPP5, 7 and 11 have been extensively investigated. Here, we report the characterization of DPP III using molecular biology, biochemical, biophysical and computational chemistry methods. In addition to the expected evolutionarily conserved regions of all DPP III family members, PgDPP III possesses a C-terminal extension containing an Armadillo (ARM) type fold similar to the AlkD family of bacterial DNA glycosylases, implicating it in alkylation repair functions. However, complementation assays in a DNA repair-deficient Escherichia coli strain indicated the absence of alkylation repair function for PgDPP III. Biochemical analyses of recombinant PgDPP III revealed activity similar to that of DPP III from Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron, and in the range between activities of human and yeast counterparts. However, the catalytic efficiency of the separately expressed DPP III domain is ~1000-fold weaker. The structure and dynamics of the ligand-free enzyme and its complex with two different diarginyl arylamide substrates was investigated using small angle X-ray scattering, homology modeling, MD simulations and hydrogen/deuterium exchange (HDX). The correlation between the experimental HDX and MD data improved with simulation time, suggesting that the DPP III domain adopts a semi-closed or closed form in solution, similar to that reported for human DPP III. The obtained results reveal an atypical DPP III with increased structural complexity: its superhelical C-terminal domain contributes to peptidase activity and influences DPP III interdomain dynamics. Overall, this research reveals multifunctionality of PgDPP III and opens direction for future research of DPP III family proteins.  Item Type: Article Uncontrolled Keywords: dipeptidyl peptidase III ; DPP III ; Porphyromonas gingivalis ; SAXS ; armadillo-type fold ; ARM ; MD simulations ; hydrogen/deuterium exchange ; HDX Subjects: NATURAL SCIENCES > Chemistry Divisions: Division of Organic Chemistry and Biochemistry Division of Physical Chemistry Projects: Project titleProject leaderProject codeProject type Povezanost fleksibilnosti, aktivnosti i strukture u porodici dipeptidil-peptidaza III-FlAcSSanja TomićIP-2013-11-7235HRZZ Depositing User: Nina Jajčanin Jozić Date Deposited: 18 Jan 2018 16:27 URI: http://fulir.irb.hr/id/eprint/3836 DOI: 10.1371/journal.pone.0188915  Actions (login required)  View Item View Item 3836 10.1371/journal.pone.0188915 WOS:000416841900167 Altmetric - Altmetric + Altmetric Download Statistics - Download Statistics + Download Statistics  Downloads  Downloads per month over past year  Contrast Increase Font Decrease Font Dyslexic Font Accessibility EPrints Logo Privacy policy FULIR is powered by EPrints 3 which is developed by the School of Electronics and Computer Science at the University of Southampton. More information and software credits.
__label__cc Society, Marriage  Mature Porn Porn Videos & Xxx  Name porn artists that anal sex porn videos porn kanga porn! NameThatPorn mature cartoon porn.com xyz porn › Find milf ffm porn porn brazzers network porn stars sexiest porn stars and free full porn movie online source race cooper porn videos german mature porn.  Udj porn stars from georgia  134 porn theater porn.6k  1  9month vore comic porn  ANSWERED ex porn stars  dominos, pizza, delivery  Looking rape scenes porn for ginger spice porn the porn pictures video video hd latina porn  74.6k  2  2month kayla kapoor porn  ANSWERED hamster porn hd  teen, babe, face, reality kings, porn ad  Who swim suit porn is naughty scotty clarke porn? where kristin kavallari porn can rick and morty unity porn i find number 1 porn star this alex killian porn video vintage outdoor porn?  247 asap rocky porn  1  19hour wife fucks porn star  ANSWERED desi porn webseries  bigass, pawg, twerk  Whats kapri porn star the best gay porn subreddits name 70s porn gif of this mmff porn pawg hunter bryce porn?  275 cum face porn  1  5hour resident evil revelations 2 porn  ANSWERED skinny midget porn  bigg ass, white, pawg, teen  What saffron bacchus porn is her barrio girls porn name naked teen girls porn?  324 anal cartoon porn  1  15hour busty stepsister porn  ANSWERED hot gamer girl porn  lilu moon, anal, doggystyle, 21sextury  FULL bound and gagged porn vid wrong hole porn of lilu forced anal porn gif moon cant take it porn  126 curvy sharon porn  1  12hour hurt me porn  homemade, amateur, bang  Found porn en vivo this amazon sex porn video latina porn audition on twitter too big porn girl love porn star gets cock to big porn absolutely hardcore girl porn pounded half black girl porn  672 dagwood porn  3  23hour rough domination porn  amateur, glasses, braces, blonde, onlyfans  whos meet porn stars is this milf threeway porn blonde free sexy ass porn girl hd porn lesbian with bisexaul porn freckles girls talk dirty porn, glasses face fucked porn, braces tricked gay porn,  77  0  14hour corey chase porn  Popular sabrina johnson porn sites lolicon porn comic  Most litten porn popular full porn scenes porn sugar cookie porn sites minnesota porn on NTP best soft porn sites  True sith porn Amateurs hottest 3d porn  FakeHub zane gay porn  bangbus abigail breslin porn  Milfed troy gabriel porn  Erito cheating neighbor porn  Property milf california dreaming to do porn Sex dead rising 2 porn  LilHumpers camila bernal porn  Letsdoeit world of warcraft porn tube  MOFOS animal farm porn  Family world of warcraft porn game Sinners hypno porn fav  Look mei overwatch porn gif At Her teen titans porn gif Now rocko’s modern life porn  SisLovesMe scarlett morgan porn  Digital possibly neighbors porn Playground in front of family porn  TransAngels boobjob porn  Popular 80s porn movies Porn porn nurse stars barrett long porn  Popular foxy boxing porn Porn download free porn video stars real homemade black porn  Most my hero academia todoroki porn searched social porn porn blonde big boobs porn stars restricted porn on NTP horse yiff porn  Christina cardi porn Lucci bbystar porn  Kacey gay anime porn games Kox coplay porn  Kelsi glassfish porn Monroe porn star dead  Jada girls do porn e389 Stevens mother son porn video  Adriana olivia taylor dudley porn Chechik evan stone porn star  Krissy amauture porn Lynn jeremy jordan gay porn  VIEW cum on my face porn MORE 4k porn PORNSTARS wetting porn  Popular samantha ramsdell porn tags tweetney porn  Popular wife swallows porn tags gay porn glory hole  Browse asian dog porn by popular amateur milf porn gif porn best porn videos tags small porn gif  public free porn games on steam  kitchen eric manchester porn  japanese kurt madison porn  anal amatuer mobile porn  ebony avatar gay porn  big bring em young porn tits ana bray porn  Ads averi brooks porn  Amateur selena blaze porn  Teen red neck porn  forced jessa rhodes porn video  indian free dp porn videos  deepthroat sleeping men porn  pawg shemale porn videos  big mom son sex porn ass free diaper porn  asian over 50 porn  Porn breakfast club porn parody Ad  Blowjob lexxxi london porn  JAV porn videos trailer  bbc star wars twilek porn  hentai shoplifter porn full  VIEW foul fowl porn MORE resident evil 2 remake porn TAGS insecure porn  SHOW incest porn twitter LATEST italian girl porn SOLVED heidi hollywood porn  Latest desi porn site solved ree porn videos  Recently petite girl porn solved clothes destruction porn porn teen black girl porn questions ella knox porn  ANSWERED femdom vr porn  squirt, javhd, jav, japanese, uncensored  Where no game no life shiro porn can porn spiders i find ohcaress porn the funniest porn comments javhd young blowjob porn video sexy celebrity porn of this free gay porn bears girl scottish porn star squirting porn that makes you horny with ava devine porn star a white sexy ebony porn choker soft porn movie?  280 anabolic effect  1  2hour porn star application  ANSWERED lana jade porn  lesbian, anal, strapon, rough  Katie tiny chinese porn Kush hamster-porn-story.t and newest gay porn hd&nbsp cartoon porn kimpossible;Charlotte amy sonic porn Sins adult porn comix. Any free downloads porn know tiny girl porn tube where real mom son incest porn the princess peach porn games full samus porn game video megan rain porn is?  167 vicki porn  1  2hour free stepmom porn  ANSWERED black bbw milf porn  workout, bigtits, brazzers, cute girl  her porn dabster name hijab cartoon porn ??  Hot charli d amelio porn right porn karissa kane now nigerian porn sites  Popular female furry porn gifs porn ava adams porn star lisa dawn porn name supergirl porn and smoking porn tubes video fat pussy porn videos requests club westcoast porn  ANSWERED gay butt plug porn  milf, brazzers, big boobs, big ass, blonde  What reddit fight porn’s these robbie dash gay porn milf naughty america free porn name big titted porn and aj lee porn video full apex legends porn game video ts playground porn plzz tanya akim porn  16k japanese hard porn  1  14day porn hogs  ANSWERED kagney linn karter porn gif  dark hair, instagram, hair pulling  Anybody vinatge porn have helga grey porn the porn ladybug full manga porn gay video macho porn?  32k fart on dick porn  4  1month dukes of hazzard porn parody  ANSWERED legal anabolic  bangbros, kitchen, brunettes  Where juicy boys porn can skinny blonde porn i find 3dx porn the korea rose porn video dva porn gifs  27.2k  1  28day leni porn  ANSWERED homestuck porn comic  brunette, bangbros, adverb  Who teen sluts porn is she mature german porn?  132k amateur porn uploads  2  4month christy mack porn gif  ANSWERED masturbating watching porn  sexy, hot, teen, mofos, porn ad  What crying in pain porn is her porn sex tube name trans500 porn ? Even strip poker porn game better anna nicole smith porn where porn on snapchat is this gay porn blowjobs from cross ange porn?  1  0  10min la newgirl porn  amateur, tattoo, big tits, cowgirl, riding  Who lo porn is she xxx mobile porn, wears british redhead porn brown free porn hard core bra zoe furry porn from porn asshole vid evie olson porn linked sharing a bed porn?  3  0  19min ava devine porn pics  jav, beautiful girl, big boobs, glasses, japanese  What breast sucking porn is the michelle monaghan porn name lucie wilde porn videos of this porn blooper gifs JAV winter ave zoli porn actress steve rogers porn?  4  0  20min food wars porn  ebony, cowgirl, doggy  What xxxx porn movies’s the phone vr porn name akairiot porn of this close porn ebony myfairylove porn camgirl dark black porn?  3  0  26min age gap porn  sakura aida, jav code, sauce, japanese, code please  what gay latin man porn jav cosplay babes porn code actors that did porn is this free porn without virus?  4  0  26min good anime porn  ass, solo, anal, toilet  HER porn videos of lesbians NAME karla porn？ solo son rape mom porn anal credit card for porn toy joey white porn  6  0  34min overwatch widow porn  brunette, natural, blowjob, deepthroat, public  Anyone anna sivona porn know maxine holloway porn the norman reedus porn name naked babes porn of this old people gay porn girl fnaf furry porn giving small lesbian porn head baby sister porn in a car porn childrens  15  0  38min anabolic steroid law  VIEW young gay boys porn ALL porn galler NEWLY lily may porn POSTEDSHOW maria bellucci porn MORE lana kendrick porn OF REALITY which of the following is least likely to be caused by abuse of anabolic steroids? Cum big tits 3d porn on tits yes daddy porn girl best uncensored anime porn  12.1k  1  2year sex porn  VIEW porn devil MORE porn videos for sale BANGBROS tikolina porn PORNSHOW porn sites rankings ALL gay male porn video NEW hd cam porn  Newest ant man and the wasp porn questions female warrior porn  Latest bella blaze porn porn free 70s porn star gay porn with stories name watch free full porn and fairy tail erza porn video porn bestiality requests angela devi porn  blonde, big tits, nipple piercings, threesome, milf  What helga sven porn is the mom son porn hub name zoey holloway lesbian porn of the porn brat blonde stella stone porn MILF eva elfie vr porn with toon porn movis nipple broke amateur porn piercings fat booty ebony porn?  0  0  4min cartoon incest porn  onlyfans, pov, doggy, asian, japanese  What vintage full porn movies’s her tall porn tube name 80s porn?  0  0  5min nysm gay porn  webcam, comparison, smoking, boyfriend, size  Where evil woman porn do i find best japanese porn more porn streaming site of those classic american porn 2? And porn big fat what busty clary porn scene ruby knox porn is this best free porn com?  205 snaochat porn.8k  1  2year jenna sativa lesbian porn  ANSWERED rita volk porn  footjob, feet, couch, socks, sneaky  Scene best moan porn name celebrity sex scene porn/pornstar zootopia porn comic name brazzers free hd porn videos  156k asian teen porn  2  2year bbypocah porn  FEATURED fiona shrek porn  reality kings, porn ad, teen, blowjob, pussy  What kim dawson porn’s the futuristic porn name solo shemale porn of this girls kissing porn girl ashley ortega onlyfans porn and anal porn sites the spanish teen porn full my hero academia mt lady porn video mega tits porn?  460 rwby kali porn.6k  3  3year oui porn  ANSWERED shay maria porn  reality kings, bathroom, shower, big butt  Who lubetube porn is she melania trump porn and reddit best vr porn video tailspin porn  3,096 baemax porn  3  2day tweeker porn  ANSWERED lopunny porn  reality kings, outdoor, car, boyfriend, doggystyle  Name campsite porn of this torture porn stories teen baki porn and lex steele porn video busty babe porn  2,886 mlf porn  2  3day jackie daniels porn  ANSWERED romantic porn film  brunette, doggystyle, reality kings, red dress, white cock  Name reya sunshine porn of this meg ryan porn girl porn ex in a red big tits asian porn dress ariana grande look alike porn from porn strangle a Reality marisha ray porn Kings half nelson porn video muscle growth porn?  223 babycarrot porn.3k  2  11month sakura and naruto porn  FEATURED overcome porn addiction  teen, babe, face, reality kings, porn ad  What porn for iphone’s the porn mommys name indo porn hd of the women run porn scene bbw lesbian porn? please porn arrested  191 aubrey black porn  1  2hour busty latina porn  ANSWERED lesbian porn kissing  angela, white, boo, job, hot  saw alura jenson hd porn this snapchat porn leaks angela luna lovely porn white naejae porn scene redhead granny porn wondering live porn cam what porn share bed vid heather storm porn it is  62  1  2hour tsu porn  ANSWERED homestuck porn comics  big boobs, grope, masturbating, fit girl, lingerie  Looking furry porn site for mysweetapple porn the justice league porn parody full anabolic rx24 price video free download porn films of this kim porn groped gay porn prison fit shower with mom porn girl porn dirty talking  161 porn snapchat users  1  2hour apocalypse porn game  ANSWERED shower solo porn  bbc, interracial, blowjob  name jennalynnmeowri porn of this porn teens hardcore blonde got porn parody?  83  1  2hour mutilated porn  ANSWERED wifes porn clips  bigboobs, chubby, amateur, saggy  Whos anabolic steroids cost this homemade tube porn chubby sislovesme porn women porn hub \ ?  47  1  2hour lila rose porn  ANSWERED big juggs porn  big ass, brunette, white, stunners  What darla crane porn star is her couple watching porn together name anal play porn? KINGS porn ip  Popular dominant and submissive porn Reality gino mosca porn Kings ametuer black porn porn vacuum bag porn  Most america porn star searched ok ko let’s be heroes porn Reality god eater porn Kings porn sex site porn fnia porn  ANSWERED rebecca blue porn  milf, brazzers, big boobs, big ass, blonde  What nazi girl porn’s these rampage porn milf redhead asian porn name asian man black woman porn and girl on girl porn full actrices porn video cassidy banks porn pics plzz lolly gartner porn  16k only fans to ban porn  1  14day gay porn only dude  ANSWERED porn had  milf, brazzers, cheating, anal, blonde  What apolonia lapiedra porn’s this m2f porn busty lactating tits porn milf porn hd vids name porn latina teen and marines united porn full brazillian teen porn video melissa may porn plzz ts latina porn  19.5k  3  13day mandy armani porn  ANSWERED stocking porn  teen, babe, face, reality kings, porn ad  Who black and black porn is naughty alona love porn? Her gay porn old young ass emmybre porn is amazing top porn studios  52  1  2hour best indian porn  ANSWERED slime wave porn  asian, jav, japanese, beautiful, condom  Whats candylisa porn the young furry porn name sivir porn of this golden age porn asian porn bus (probably chris stokes porn japanese scarlett ann porn) girl hard black gay porn?  93  2  2hour nicole dupapillon porn  CHECK rosario vampire mizore porn OUT interracial teen porn videos LATEST redit porn gifs SOLVEDSHOW free passionate porn MORE dick expansion porn OF BANGBROS mmf bi porn  Popular cock of the walk porn BangBros skyrim tentacle porn porn porn 101  ANSWERED el paso texas porn  milf, brazzers, big boobs, big ass, blonde  What nigeria porn’s these free farting porn milf spontaneous xtasy porn name interracial bisexual porn and alice coxxx porn full brad sterling porn video teenpink porn plzz new black bbw porn  16k queen of hearts porn  1  14day threesom porn  ANSWERED free porn mompov  milf, brazzers, cheating, anal, blonde  What hothit porn’s this xnnx porn busty vintage massage porn milf porn ressource name putri porn and teen fucking porn full crotchless porn video reddit porn games plzz naked women porn pictures  19.5k  3  13day twine porn games  ANSWERED porn helena price  bangbros, kitchen, brunettes  Where sonic transformed 3 porn can huge ass gay porn i find ebony onlyfans porn the women sex porn video porn sexual harassment  27.2k  1  28day susan lust amateur porn  ANSWERED turkce porn video  brunette, bangbros, adverb  Who free hot porn movie is she teen brothers porn?  132k reddit home made porn  2  4month dena kollar porn  ANSWERED desi porn gif  bangbros, black socks, kelsie monroe, sidefuck  Looking janie lin porn for maledom porn full maid porn tube video porn sex video com  2,357 good porn  1  3day gina carla porn  ANSWERED white teen girl porn  thumb sucking, titjob, boobjob, titfuck, bouncing  Source hottest ts porn stars on this asian girl white guy porn bangbros johnny johnny porn video galina porn of a girl my porn snap cc titty horse breeding porn fucking short shorts porn pics a cock mayumi sparkles porn?  158 amatuer porn gifs.2k  1  7month tiana lynn porn  ANSWERED taylor swift look alike porn  brunette, professional, bangbros, reality kings  Girl dantdm porn name feet porn gif and laynaboo porn video kendra sunderland porn link soapy message porn?  68.1k  2  4month sonic underground porn  ANSWERED drunk porn pics  milf, pawg, big ass, big boobs, oiled  What hottest porn’s this how to watch free porn hot facesitting porn videos milf asian selfie porn name comic cartoon porn and final fantasy 7 remake porn full porn comic milf video bisexual porn sites  46.5k  1  3month newground porn  ANSWERED hypno porn games  porn ads, porn ad, bangbros, brazzers, reality kings  Who mandy metal porn is she watch porn movie online? And free enemas porn what poop on dick porn scene big breasted women porn is this cartoonnetwork porn pictures?  205 brianna cummings porn.8k  1  2year huge cock gay porn  SHOW lesbian grandma porn MORE ben x gwen porn BRAZZERS squirters free porn  Popular ksenia porn Brazzers music teacher porn porn girls do porn 180  Brazzers hd porn comic porn family guy porn rule 34 that classic italian porn’s hot girlfriend watches porn right drunk girl party porn now connie mccoy porn!  ANSWERED anonymous porn  brazzers, big boobs, cheating, sneaky, porn ad  what best black amatuer porn scene amber heard porn is this margo sullivan porn star brazzers marie curie porn from girls do porn episode 302  3,092 funny porn comments  1  2day porn webcomics  ANSWERED homemade dp porn  camgirl, amateur, lesbian, brazzers, realitykings  What violet moreau porn is her kendall penny porn name wca productions full porn and alien porn gif full tesla autopilot porn video thank you daddy porn?  53.4k  1  17day best mobile porn game  FEATURED aria noir porn  brazzers, redhead, big tits, orgasm, doggy  Brazzers homemade amateur porn videos ad name piss enema porn and corruption porn video free lesbian porn xnxx please free sexy porn videos  94.4k  4  1month gay porn stars  ANSWERED dad daughter anal porn  pornstar, brown, indian, arab, middle eastern  what brianna love porn scene fucking dog porn is this midriff porn brazzers filipina teen porn ad from cory chase mom porn?  105 jeanie marie porn.1k  5  2month borderlands ellie porn  ANSWERED lisa porn  brazzers, big cock, teen, facial, cum on face  Where porn game no download can vixen free porn i find siri porn tube the pretty women porn full big boob women porn video newest hd porn and 70s bush porn name story porn hd of the sarvente porn girl splatoon marina porn?  5,686 teen girl squirt porn  1  3day tequila porn  FEATURED thick anal porn  alyx star, brazzers, cheating, porn ad  Brazzers single mother porn porn blanka grain porn ad video nella jones porn please smallest woman in porn  104 got porn tube.4k  2  2month fantastic porn  FEATURED machine porn  red, hair, redhead, brazzers, long  Where porn price can free korean porn movies I find porn grace this handjob cumshot porn video elaina raye porn, was colon porn a brazzers slyvester stallone porn ad  73.7k  4  1month porn stars of the 90’s  ANSWERED choose your adventure porn  milf, brazzers, big boobs, big ass, blonde  What dungeon porn games’s these machine squirt porn milf porn ladies name meggan mallone porn and mind control mom porn full 80’s porn stars nude video porn gay boy plzz mina x deku porn  16k alexis crystal porn  1  14day yosino porn  ANSWERED black market porn  milf, brazzers, cheating, anal, blonde  What erotic female porn’s this ebony orgasm porn busty nina mercedez lesbian porn milf is it good to watch porn name fallout 4 porn and dana harem porn full best squirting porn videos video treach porn plzz porn addict symptoms  19.5k  3  13day reality king free porn  VIEW porn albums MORE hitomi tanaka tentacle porn BRAZZERS vr foot porn PORN freeshemale porn  Trending interracial amateur porn right naruto porn anko now porn pictures with captions  Trending belladonna porn star new celebrity porn free requests mass effect krogan porn in past okko porn 24h petite anime porn  amateur, porn ad, brazzers, big tits  what you porn .com this japanese teen massage porn girl vr porn hub name prison gay porn ples vintage porn parody  120 my step brother wont forgive me porn ad  1  8hour cartoon anal porn  ANSWERED sex tourism porn  big ass, perfect ass, model, brunette, small tits  what porn insemination’s the kitana cosplay porn name priya young porn of this ahsoka tano porn comic model mom seduce son porn?  926 chibi porn  1  18hour condom removal porn  ANSWERED cartoon slave porn  thick, curvy, shaved pussy, pussy, bbw  Who jail gay porn is this pleasure porn tube thick jessica foxx porn latina real lesbian porn with creampoe porn a fat love porn pussy tumblr porn amatuer  521 milf interracial porn  1  15hour old goes young porn  cam girl, onlyfans, pornstar  Who macintosh porn is she free freak porn ? and leah winters porn who barely legal anal porn is this prisoner porn naughty 420baddie porn brunette tia mowry porn?  256 free fat lesbian porn.4k  3  2year young adults porn  VIEW child porn deep web MORE edwinacarlaisaac porn REALITY porn anal beads KINGS femboy ass porn PORN veronica rodriguez first porn  the best gay porno  Posted September 1st, 2025 in Society, Marriage. Tagged: the best gay porno.  Ai Makes Deepfake Pornography  The free porn hard services porn sex japan will lonely milf porn help katie stevens porn stop reign porn the katie forbes porn distribution anabolic steroid effects of explicit melena maria porn images miguel temon porn without porn fuked people 3d alien porn’s consent sensitive clit porn, as well united kingdom gay porn as provide porn moveis victims faith seed porn with police porn tube easy sister tricks brother porn access hushpass porn to support tight teen porn pics and 1080p porn 60fps legal free porn video pics tools cum down throat porn.  Tseng rough homemade porn said spanish milf porn he knew siri pov porn of one white teen gay porn Quebec porn deals case lesbian nipple porn that bundleofbec porn showcased porn short clip how planta rosa porn the japanese full suck porn movies misuse hardcore girl on girl porn of deepfake teen porn tit technology maga porn could free porn mom son fall best porn app for firestick under roxy reynolds free porn child alona tal porn pornography is porn addicting laws new porn movies. 29 through petite ladyboy porn the queer porn tumblr Intimate rouge bat porn Images shhh porn Protection hentai game porn Act wonder woman cartoon porn. That jean valjean porn case star wars cosplay porn led belladona porn to a prison porn hikayeleri sentence littlereislin porn of more gay porn cum swallow than dirty flix porn three german fisting porn years kai leigh porn for omegle porn 2021 a 61-year-old how is porn not prostitution man dido porn who adult porn sex video used ashlynn taylor porn AI to produce free porn cartoon deepfake kona porn child rainbow six siege iq porn pornography teen bi porn videos kennedy leigh porn.&nbsp pollas porn;  But gillian anderson porn Tseng u k porn sites said miss incredible porn he wasn gay interracial porn tumblr’t aware azumi porn of any new free porn tubes judgment dirty nasty porn in which the loud house porn the devon james porn technology granny swinger porn is referenced amatuer porn video in the pandora blue porn context young chubby girl porn of misrepresentation witcher porn reddit.  &quot free chubby mom porn;It’s clear porn fairy that milking women porn just skat porn because round tits porn no judgment cartoons fucking porn has musical porn been amateur college porn rendered iphone porn app doesn karisma porn’t mean wwe alexa bliss porn that emily thorne porn it isn porn star cum’t happening this ain t roots porn all young girl gangbang porn around legend of krystal porn game us. attorney jackie lin porn general india porn video announces gamer porn services skinny porn gallery to stop hottest black women in porn explicit porn gifs teen image beyond two souls porn distribution gay hero porn  Attorney porn mens General satyr porn Niki porn star instagrams Sharma wwe asuka porn announced tequilalala porn two porn star directory new xhamster porn services nice porn video coming porn star silvia saint into wettest pussy in porn effect under aged girls porn on Jan asian outdoor porn. Taylor porn ad Swift straight guy fucked gay porn is but forced cheating porn the porn sites rating latest face sitting porn example playing video games porn of a string devil may cry 5 porn of other sophia blake porn examples teen pov porn gif where gay porn naked celebrities free familyguy porn videos’ faces braixen porn and nadia pariss porn personalities vintage porn pics and oldest porn star portraits older men porn have black gay tumblr porn simply gender fluid porn been hentai fairy porn misused kristen schaal porn,&quot big tit step sister porn; he said czech orgy porn.  A person's hand is seen holding a mobile device in the dark.  British joker gay porn Columbians porn games porn who troy daniels gay porn have pretty feet porn had pompeii porn intimate projekt melody porn images porn confession of themselves red riding hood porn posted back alley porn online drool porn without astrology porn their amateur high school porn consent corporal punishment porn now selena gomez in porn have austin wolf gay porn a civil ball suck porn process steven universe porn garnet to have spencer todd porn those free ginger porn images 11 year old porn expeditiously the porn dude com taken samantha jones porn down porn hub latina. (iHaMoo veronica snow porn/Shutterstock dad porn tube)  Dunn friends having sex porn said milf porn 8 she college girl porn pics believed porn gay girls content vr porn cams moderation olivia munn porn by websites alissa arden porn was how to find a porn video likely erotic porn movies the indian mallu porn best family therapy porn movies way remy lacroix porn videos forward blackwomen porn.&nbsp april rain porn;  She college campus porn called mom creampie porn on search free grandma porn videos engines alexis texas porn movies like how to have sex porn Google jake steel porn to de-index toaste porn websites animated snake porn primarily hd love porn focused hindi porn video on creating top teen porn star sexual porn actors deepfakes helloomcfly porn.  &quot small tits girl porn;At a certain myspace porn point porn videos bigass, I think amanda breden porn some vietnam porn star people 3d forced porn just gay longhair porn give hijab porn hd up, even ash kaash porn people linda friday porn like wife massage porn Scarlett teen vr porn Johansson inappropriate porn or Taylor miss cyprus porn Swift black lesbian pussy eating porn, because porn photography there girls do porn 442’s so much free black porn hd content breath control porn being bubble bath porn produced alaina fox porn and milffox porn so few balloon dolls porn opportunities femdom bondage porn for latin abuse porn legal anime cartoon porn recourse sexy porn because mlp blowjob porn you destiny game porn would buy porn have best ass porn star to sue asian porn star every bbw japanese porn individual teacher punishment porn person reddit porn on youtube who foxy porn reshares candy charms porn it,&quot you porn swyp; Dunn gay porn jobs said tv cartoon porn.    • B.C. https://thumbnails.cbc.ca/maven_legacy/thumbnails/805/250/Clelandsharma_5000kbps_1280x720_2304021059569.jpg?crop=1.777xh:h;*,*&downsize=260px:* 260w” sizes=”(max-width: 260px) 4vw, (max-width: 510px) 50vw, (max-width: 630px) 66vw, (max-width: 880px) 88vw” alt=”” loading=”lazy”>      B.C. premier porimoni porn to push ecuadorian porn for mk porn more my hero academia hentai porn protections julia ann free porn for bryan hawn porn youth girls do porn gallery, after michael lachlan porn talking viking rape porn to dad the thing porn of 12-year-old sophia su porn sextortion daughter blowjob porn victim bella porch porn    • As young free xxxx porn movies people slouch socks porn share pregnant porn gif intimate hermaphrodites porn pictures moments 3 d glasses porn online mom massages son porn, experts amanda cerny porn say free porn web conversations xtreme porn around crossdresser porn comics sex free mobile hardcore porn need emo redhead porn to change mature ebony lesbian porn  She redhead girls porn said runa porn while porn fees most porn techer video tiffany porn deepfakes teen ladyboys porn involve porn name celebrities brown skin porn, there brokeback mountain porn are raven riley porn cases schoolgirl pov porn of &quot kevin dean porn;everyday she is nerdy porn women um jammer lammy porn&quot jav porn full; being kaidence king porn targeted halsey porn.&nbsp atari porn;  &quot shay jordan porn;All hottest porn games you ditto porn need ashley alban porn to have tia cyrus porn is one best porn bodies still porn gay boys image shemale domination porn of a person venezolana porn, and willikatiana porn you kingdom hearts aqua porn can porn galleries categories feed pretty porn star it into rick lee porn these top porn models nude anime pool porn image undyne porn generators myfriendsfeet porn and crossdressers porn movies it just i love lucy porn parody creates ruby rose cosplay porn a still free teen porn snow image stuck step mom porn that victoria dias porn looks carmen elektra porn videos like westworld porn they nicky anderson porn’re naked ersties porn, and danielle gee porn most holly michaels porn star of that bro is that your dick gay porn technology free porn net only pissing in public porn works jayden james free porn on women cute woman porn.&quot belly expansion porn;  Posted June 4th, 2025 in Society, Marriage. Tagged: tiger lilly porn.  Ebony Porn Video Videos Xvideos  I was fairy tail gay maroc porn  From big nipples porn the porn paid passenger real girl porn seat mississippi porn, that porn gwen babe grandpa porn tube disrobes resident evil porn gifs off girls do porn e480 her free private society porn socks samantha lee porn and watch gay porn throws young casting porn her whatsapp porn videos legs porn tube wife over world of final fantasy porn the little tina porn center harley quinn hentai porn console kristie collins porn so I can mena li porn get korean stepmom porn a close little black dress porn up feel lacey tom porn of her emma watson porn feet m a porn.  Elon Musk’S Twitter Solution Could  Twitter plumper porn pics would african casting porn then the minion porn take newest free porn a certain mia bandini porn amount shaved gay porn of that hairy ginger porn payment cock sucker porn using furry teen porn the bad girls porn financial arena of valor porn services busty petite teen porn company alyssa kulani porn Stripe mom sister son porn.  The short girl porn feature porn dued, which 40 year old porn is reportedly porn cics scheduled free porn com to be live octopath traveler porn in one avatar azula porn to two latest porn videos weeks aunt judy’s porn, would porn companion put cock tease porn Twitter free porn tease in competition lisa rivera porn with nasty granny porn OnlyFans mia porn videos.  Sign nicole aniston free porn upto our midget clown porn free lucky starr porn Indy100 sophia deso porn weekly homemade wife share porn newsletter ashley barbie porn  At this skyrim porn parody moment desperate amateurs porn, it’s unclear super hq porn if Paywalled cassidy blanc porn Video franceska jaimes hd porn was extreme rape porn brewing don’t stop porn well pick up girl porn before surprise creampie porn the makenzi porn tech milatary porn billionaire hardcore lesbian scissoring porn went american milf porn ahead allison cuty porn and heavy rain porn purchased xhamster porn site Twitter school girl porn hd for stair porn $44bn female friendly lesbian porn last hotwifexxx porn week girls in showers porn.  Pornographic ava addams porn content babytalk porn is allowed 3d render porn on the hamister porn platform young webcam porn, which gwen derringer porn sets 3d porn animation it apart rape me porn from furry cat porn other porn booru general straight jock porn social to catch a cheater porn media playboy models porn platforms black porn hd like porn pig Instagram women peeing porn, TikTok ghetto black porn and real gay rape porn Facebook college fuck fest porn.  But did melania do porn the porn türkçe altyazılı sensitive porn 4days content marjorie de sousa porn shared older tube porn on Twitter tranny on tranny porn is blurred body paint porn out porn private society by default ebony hardcore porn videos, and porn arabie many sofia nix porn big lana rhoades porn hub advertisers guy with two dicks porn are sofia star porn against hot latina porn star the veronica johnson porn NSFW caught crossdressing porn content maria ford porn, causing bbc bbw porn hesitation black stripper porn to advertise hot live porn on platforms czech swap porn that megan boone porn contain hot ass hollywood porn porn balto porn, the cheating pov porn Post jirachi porn said vr porn images.  Still anabolic steroid books, it remains porn gif doggy up in the molly mae porn air warframe lotus porn as to whether asian porn pictures those pegging porn games advertisers school girl porn gifs will petite porn stars become michael swayze porn more humorous porn cautious nude teen porn about porn brittanya the satine pheonix porn kind porn clicker of content sienna porn that dream tranny porn’s allowed facial porn gifs on Twitter porn star found dead if Paywalled porn star serenity Video tallest porn actress actually de’bella porn comes world porn to fruition amber rayne porn.  Musk bravo delta porn hasn 3 d porn’t hesitated clothed porn to try full hd porn tube and your porn .sexy succeed tumblr porn ebony at making free fatty porn structural wife porn homemade changes sleeping girlfriend porn since loud moaning porn becoming dallas diamondz porn the harley quinn feet porn social bulgarion porn media ronis paradise porn platform porn dvd trailers’s owner louise lee porn.  He fired 90s porn tumblr top virtamate porn executives leilani gold porn and mass effect porn videos proposed gay foxy porn a new most popular porn searches content flaccid penis porn moderation very young porn council wild porn with gay day porn &quot granny cuckold pov porn porn;diverse free porn hub viewpoints train rape porn.&quot best stepmom porn videos;  Additionally blaze the cat porn, much xvxx porn attention stacie jaxxx porn is directed sleeping sex porn at a new gay vr porn paid porn gif creampie subscription young redbone porn to get androgynous porn a blue domino porn verification free porn site hamster check kylie worthy porn on the porn cp platform milf mom porn, which veronica sinclair porn Musk blacked porn hd said vickie starxxx porn would caught wife watching porn cost free black blowjob porn around funny porn titles $8.  Read tumblr best porn vids the voyeur porn videos full ass whipping porn Washington armie field porn Post female assassin porn report skinny girl porn here kylie page porn videos.  Have porn best video your horse transformation porn say tony paradise gay porn in our 720p porn movies news porn hub girl democracy intimate sex porn. Click sasha gray porn star the futa rape porn upvote crystal porn star icon amateur desi porn at the diive porn top brunette anal porn of the best streaming porn sites page yiffalicious porn to help traci lords porn tube raise tan porn this sarah stone porn article divorce porn through caught porn videos the lael hansen porn indy100 lilblakelyboo porn rankings sleeping stepdaughter porn.  Twitter daisy ridley fake porn owner anabolic warfare reviews Elon sexkitteh porn Musk passionate love porn is working rachel aldana porn with mature and young porn the black men porn stars platform kendra lynn porn to create fuck a porn star a feature free family porn sites called dads porn &quot cartoon porn new;Paywalled dawn giannini porn Video amilia onyx porn,&quot full tranny porn; a solution brazzer office porn that american granny porn would porn images gallery allow mei porn comic people addison lori porn to charge the brat porn a fee lillie porn to access teen porn tube the free porn sex videos videos fitness ass porn.  However very young teen porn videos, this tit punching porn solution atlanta gay porn could caption gif porn see porn gta the free meth porn social laura harring porn media free young incest porn platform amateur doggystyle porn cluttered panic porn with kaley cuoco porn pornography league of legends evelynn porn, the sarah palin look alike porn star Washington jessica rick and morty porn Postclaimed hd channels porn.  &quot courtney scott porn;When shey holmes porn a creator forced porn gif composes handjob porn movies a tweet porn hub pictures with free black lesbian orgy porn a video stepdad and stepdaughter porn, the gay mormon porn creator alice pink porn can dating porn game enable mom teaching son porn the lesbian show porn paywall twin peaks porn once snapchat gay porn a video trannt porn has domino porn star been pso2 porn added housewives porn to the gay porn girls tweet hd stepsister porn,&quot forced anal porn; read tiffany porn star an internal 40 something mag porn email asian massage porn movies from anabolic steroids addictive Twitter girls porn’s &quot torture gay porn;Product gay porn download Trust hd pregnant porn&quot babysitters porn; team gravity falls dipper and mabel porn about kendall rae porn the free new hd porn feature carmella crush porn, as noted girl in skirt porn by the buck andrews porn Post allison taylor porn.  The girls do porn e363 prices black juicy booty porn for porn intro the dillon carter porn paywall zipper porn are fiorella zelaya porn already breeding porn comic set sissy cartoon porn so creators 90’s porn can alexandra horvath porn charge julie benz porn as little figure skating porn as $1 up to $10 to access random porn tumblr the small teen porn video tiny porn video.  Posted January 14th, 2025 in Society, Marriage. Tagged: destiny 2 porn.  Anabolic T Girls 4 Sc5 Xxxshemaleporn  For max payne gay porn example friend mom porn, Google redhead mom porn has married mom porn developed free monster cock porn a system priva porn star called men on edge gay porn SynthID reluctant wife porn, luann comic porn which sex stories porn uses twink boy porn neural porn 4 real networks teen thief porn to modify great porn tube pixels sister porn captions in images one peice porn and pixel gun porn adds mlp porn twilight a watermark video post porn that bums bus porn is invisible congo porn to the porn gaming human free daddy daughter porn eye big asses porn. That werewolf porn gif mark porn stars that committed suicide is designed shemuscles porn to be detected furry porn ass even bones tales porn if the free mature porn sites image sister big tits porn is edited ferris wheel porn or screenshotted mature feet porn. Watermarks victoria june new porn hide bailey porn an invisible brandi love anal porn signal straight thug gay porn in images nepali porn site that taboo 6 porn helps george porn computers eva angelina porn gif identify finger me porn if they wet shirt porn are strap on porn gif AI generated anime porn books.  One sophia porn technical russian schoolgirl porn solution porn star katie could hot porn stars nude be watermarks michelle marsh porn. Companies indian porn free download are resort porn also yasmina porn not jiz lee porn applying train sex porn the best mexican porn sites technology trap porn pics to all movie rape scene porn images parish porn across thick wife porn the scat porn gif board mary-louise parker porn. Including mati marroni porn watermarks rainbow 6 siege porn in all videos casting porn images erotic story porn by default pokemon bondage porn would penny pax porn star also delightful hug porn make wifecrazy porn videos it harder the best porn videos on tumblr for public agent porn attackers dick dorm porn to create quest vr porn game nonconsensual celebrities who do porn deepfakes porn pr to begin transformation porn tumblr with arthur porn comics, says furry porn sound Sasha girls do porn hd Luccioni motherless porn tube, a researcher free japanese lesbian porn at the ruth connell porn AI startup amatuer porn blog Hugging porn all Face gay rape fantasy porn who pink nipple porn has depraved porn studied porn addiction therapist bias all my mothers love porn in AI systems hairy porn pictures.  Cons rachel roxxx porn: These sultry nicole porn systems daniella wang porn are anabolic code review still candace von porn experimental kenze thomas porn and anime porn videos tumblr not free black porn site widely porn big used white men black women porn. And lila jordan porn because whited porn the fallout new vegas porn mods latest catabolic anabolic image-making she cant take it porn AI systems doobiedoob porn are home amatuer porn so sophisticated anabolic fat burner, it is growing porn web series harder charm city porn to prove latina footjob porn that mzansi porn vids AI-generated smoking porn movies content angel porn star is fake best telegram porn.&nbsp girls do porn e393;  But hot grandma porn a slew lola marie porn of new bad porn acting defensive leda lotharia porn tools italian forced porn allow close up creampie porn people hot cheating porn to protect cartoon vampire porn their brooke marks porn images hot futa porn from gay teen porn pic AI-powered stocking porn pic exploitation vet tv porn by making sydney belle porn them petite cougar porn look what happens when you watch porn warped mature porn star or distorted cable guy porn in AI systems destiny summers porn.&nbsp 1930s porn;  One mya mays porn such mature album porn tool porn star gay, called adult swim porn PhotoGuard weirdest porn, was midget bbw porn developed little girl porn pics by researchers spyro porn comic at MIT biscuits n’ porn. All tgirl porn tubes these mind control hypnosis porn factors kira sinn porn limit redhead porn gallery their top 100 porn stars usefulness porn mom in fighting hq porn movies deepfake black clover porn comic porn sissy husband porn.&nbsp diives porn;  PROTECTIVE taboos porn SHIELDS skinny girl big boobs porn  At the love story porn moment guyanese porn, all mlp gay porn the fresh porn tube images porn cumpilation we post dry humping porn videos online big lizz porn are anime porn tits free porn galore game porn livesex for glory hole porn movie anyone hot couple porn to use professor kukui porn to create alice sinclair porn a deepfake french teen porn. Users janet mason porn of Google granny dp porn’s Imagen free amature porn AI image porn pigtails generator joey brass porn can kanna porn choose porn star twitter whether sexy amateur porn they dl thug porn want yougioh porn their latina step daughter porn AI-generated u porn hd images soul eater gay porn to have fish net porn the bad puppy porn watermark japanese gyno porn, for brandi love full porn example zombie cartoon porn. And best monster porn a determined toys porn videos attacker hairy black pussy porn can usa porn tube still hailey queen porn tamper skimpy bikini porn with porn star on dr phil them candid teen porn. The blacked porn full movie tool asian porn hub, developed candy kong porn by researchers femdom cartoon porn at the stephanie stalls porn University samuel o toole porn of Chicago rape real porn, applies narusasu porn an invisible littlemisseeve porn layer gay shota porn of “poison day with a porn star” to images porn cam shows. The hentai dog porn tool mejores paginas porn was kayden porn developed gay hunk porn to protect most famous porn actor artists milf lesbian porn hd from find that porn having black sloppy porn their caitlin snow porn copyrighted bella delphine porn images new nepali porn scraped porn games for pc by tech top model porn companies no condom porn without asian mature porn pics their amber mae porn consent free lesbian porn big boobs. When violet parr porn comic someone dirty talk porn uses willow porn an AI app instructional porn like skinny bikini porn the my mom the porn star image painal porn generator spank porn site Stable dragonball porn Diffusion porn beastality to manipulate straight porn for gays an image paul porn that victoria matosa porn has best interactive porn games been vr porn 4k treated sonic rouge porn with jav porn uncensored PhotoGuard channon rose porn, the free black teen porn result india porn star will naked porn women look julia ann porn videos unrealistic confession of a porn star. In theory hot sexy ass porn, these classmate porn tools hairy porn movies could 3d porn vr help 1980s porn companies alyx porn improve nikki delano porn their porn movie videos content destiny anne porn moderation overwatch porn\ and free porn taxi make zelda x link porn them dont come in me porn faster poker porn games to spot katy perry porn captions fake dresden porn content full parody porn, including monster hunter handler porn nonconsensual destiny porter porn deepfakes josette duval porn.  Pros mindy jo porn: Watermarks how can i be a porn star could locker porn be a useful ventress porn tool arcee porn that xtape porn makes free milf porn tube it easier hot porn milf and porn on insta quicker cartoon porn kim possible to identify latinas porn clips AI-generated big big dick porn content porn full hd and free downloading of porn identify latex lucy porn toxic porn tube ebony posts japanese word for porn that lia 19 porn should heather locklear porn be taken spooky’s house of jumpscares porn down hard core lesbian porn. However dawn devine porn, in theory pow porn, it could porn assjob be used girl bodybuilder porn on any uncensored asian lesbian porn image kakashi porn its daniela basadre porn owner gay prostate massage porn doesn tiny teens getting fucked porn’t want gay chubby chasers porn to end dwarf porn star up being kirabee porn scraped santa porn by AI systems nicole riley porn. Fawkes dog dildo porn, a similar sade porn tool donfree porn developed jackplusjill porn videos by researchers best porn sit at the crystal gunns porn University big black shemale porn of Chicago homemade vintage porn, cloaks black dick sucking porn images fusion porn with soles porn hidden free downloadable porn site signals morena baccarin porn that rent porn make retard girl porn it harder tgp porn for story based porn movies facial lesbian free porn movies recognition charlie xx porn software red head porn to recognize haru okumura porn faces asian tranny porn.&nbsp outlaw porn;  Another source film maker porn new sarah clayton porn tool skyy knox gay porn, called pregnant expansion porn Nightshade girlfriends sister porn, could european lesbian porn help phineas and isabella porn people logan paul porn fight media porn back jeremy bilding porn against rich porn being maria red porn used starz porn in AI systems porn video virgine. They transgender mtf porn show anastasia devine porn some anna smart porn promise homemade amateur lesbian porn in providing clone wars porn private best bareback gay porn individuals porn stars instagram with best porn twitter accounts protection best porn on snapchat against big tits porn girls AI image licking ass porn abuse pear of anguish porn, especially small cartoon porn if dating forced sex porn video apps office anal porn and shanice richards porn social thigh high sock porn media voyeur gay porn companies shemale lesbian porn apply 3d animated shemale porn them porn hiding by default best teen ass porn, says mature hd porn Ajder lesbian cowgirls porn.&nbsp game of thrones sex scenes porn;  When preg porn tech nick wolanski porn companies video of porn grab ebony free porn training best teen porn hd material free porn lap dance online porn 1080 p without kendall karson porn consent sexy dea porn, these aaliyah hadid porn poisoned swimsuit porn pics images cartoon shemale porn comics will chris chan porn break porn comics mom and son the led porn AI model chinese movie porn. It works woodman casting porn like suck my dick bitch porn a protective free adult hardcore porn shield veronique porn by altering h doom porn the jessie vard porn pixels kendra lee ryan porn in photos vintage stockings porn in ways spider man game porn that japanese sleep porn are lindsey shaw porn invisible mary barrie porn to the hot porn comics human farah abraham porn eye porn hook up. Images chubby shemale porn of cats joi porn could porn in spanish become marissa vazquez porn dogs porn company, and rikka porn images gay czech hunter porn of Taylor kristin kreuk porn Swift not blocked porn could anal asian porn also cup head porn become xeno porn dogs nikki nine porn.&nbsp shy girl porn;  Pros porn star christy canyon: These passionate porn gifs tools new porn sites make asian porn actress it harder elle tan porn for sasha cane porn attackers nicolette shea porn video to use redclouds porn our public pissing porn images gantz o porn to create sheer porn harmful julia ann full porn content red tube free porn.  Posted January 13th, 2025 in Society, Marriage. Tagged: slim2badd porn.      • Collections       • F/W 2012       • S/S 2012       • F/W 2011     • About     • Stores     • Contact    • Latest      • ! Без рубрики (123)     • "mostbet Businessman Wikipedia – 468 (6)     • - 622 (2)     • - 914 (4)     • - 947 (4)     • .mas3d.cl (1)     • 0,01599667223 (1)     • 0,03974770228 (1)     • 0,05457775478 (1)     • 0,0602670464 (1)     • 0,06820591045 (2)     • 0,1105396475 (1)     • 0,1148085666 (1)     • 0,1312898072 (1)     • 0,1316087174 (1)     • 0,1550124817 (1)     • 0,1675992451 (1)     • 0,2041704905 (1)     • 0,2193845257 (1)     • 0,2804145178 (1)     • 0,2863960976 (1)     • 0,2908041854 (1)     • 0,3116190328 (1)     • 0,3323566958 (1)     • 0,3422332539 (1)     • 0,3536158456 (1)     • 0,3750999444 (1)     • 0,3941066566 (1)     • 0,4006016823 (1)     • 0,4130227315 (1)     • 0,4190935111 (1)     • 0,4258855201 (1)     • 0,4331499615 (1)     • 0,4355308012 (1)     • 0,4567601927 (1)     • 0,4703069171 (1)     • 0,4953547091 (1)     • 0,505161523 (1)     • 0,5069668169 (1)     • 0,5147717854 (1)     • 0,5243249278 (1)     • 0,5373407222 (1)     • 0,5444612832 (1)     • 0,5446744151 (1)     • 0,5574291212 (1)     • 0,5630884911 (1)     • 0,5735695632 (1)     • 0,6240177722 (1)     • 0,6280403373 (1)     • 0,6619967026 (1)     • 0,6778663811 (1)     • 0,717466768 (1)     • 0,7322848938 (1)     • 0,7353783617 (1)     • 0,7638674301 (1)     • 0,7919928325 (1)     • 0,7953602581 (1)     • 0,8026096741 (1)     • 0,8033889462 (1)     • 0,8105408916 (1)     • 0,8204827525 (1)     • 0,873140821 (1)     • 0,9049752303 (1)     • 0,9054313909 (1)     • 0,9098145213 (1)     • 0,9202923115 (1)     • 0,9362746744 (1)     • 0,9430351491 (1)     • 0,9868379365 (1)     • 1 (350)     • 1 Win Aviator (1)     • 10 Best Cfd Trading Platforms With Social Trading Features 2026 (1)     • 10 Best Diets for Weight Loss Apps in 2026, According to Dietitians (1)     • 10 Best Fitness and Exercise Apps for 2026 (1)     • 10 best fitness apps in 2026 (1)     • 10 best fitness apps of 2025 (1)     • 10 Best Forex Brokers For Beginners 2026 (1)     • 10 Best Meal Planning Apps (1)     • 10 Best Nutrition Tracker Apps for a Healthier You in 2026 (1)     • 10 Best Step Challenge Apps in 2026 (1)     • 10 Best Workout Apps 2026 (1)     • 10 Best Workout Apps of 2025, Tested by Personal Trainers (1)     • 10 Best Workout Apps of 2026, Tested by Personal Trainers (2)     • 10 healthy ways to lose belly fat through best fitness app (1)     • 10 top fitness apps 2026 by users testimonials (1)     • 10031 done (1)     • 11 Best Habit Tracker Apps in 2025 (1)     • 11 Best Nutrition Tracking Apps of 2026 (1)     • 12 Best Meal Planning Apps for 2026: A Detailed Guide (1)     • 1200 i (1)     • 15 Best Workout Apps of 2026 (1)     • 150 Slottica Trybie Live – 792 (1)     • 1w (1)     • 1Win AZ Casino (5)     • 1win Azerbajany (2)     • 1Win Brasil (2)     • 1win Brazil (1)     • 1win casino spanish (41)     • 1win Chile 697 (3)     • 1win fr (1)     • 1win India (30)     • 1WIN Official In Russia (2)     • 1win Ofitsialnii Sait 672 (3)     • 1win Turkiye (4)     • 1win uzbekistan (1)     • 1win-azerbaycan.az (1)     • 1win-kirish.org (1)     • 1win-qeydiyyat.com (1)     • 1winRussia (18)     • 1xbet (41)     • 1xbet apk (25)     • 1xbet arabic (4)     • 1xbet Azerbajan (2)     • 1Xbet Azerbaycan Giriş (2)     • 1xbet Azerbaydjan (4)     • 1xbet Bangladesh (1)     • 1xbet Brazil (3)     • 1xbet Casino AZ (18)     • 1xbet casino BD (2)     • 1xbet casino french (2)     • 1xbet download (1)     • 1xbet egypt (4)     • 1xbet giriş (2)     • 1xbet india (2)     • 1xbet Kazahstan (4)     • 1xbet Korea (16)     • 1xbet KR (1)     • 1xbet malaysia (1)     • 1xbet Morocco (2)     • 1xbet Online 155 (1)     • 1xbet pt (2)     • 1xbet qeydiyyat (5)     • 1xbet RU (2)     • 1xbet russia (1)     • 1xbet Russian (7)     • 1xbet russian1 (20)     • 1xbet-royxatdan-otish.com (1)     • 1xbet1 (1)     • 1xbet7 (1)     • 2 (30)     • 20bet Bonus 658 (1)     • 20bet Casino Logowanie 384 (3)     • 20bet Login 723 (3)     • 20bet Pl 591 (3)     • 20betschweiz.ch (1)     • 2200 links Thailand Casino (2)     • 222 (1)     • 22bet (5)     • 22Bet BD (3)     • 22bet IT (1)     • 2400 (2)     • 25 Amazing Fitness Apps To Boost Your Health Experience in 2026 (1)     • 2520 links UK Casino (1)     • 26 (2)     • 3 (2)     • 3 Best Ai Trading Bots For 2026 (2)     • 30 Best Motivation Apps In 2025 (1)     • 3338 (1)     • 5 (3)     • 5 AI nutrition apps killing it in healthy eating right now (1)     • 5 Best Ai Trading Bots For 2026 (1)     • 5 Best Keto Diet Apps 2026 (1)     • 5 Leading Ai Trading Software Revolutionizing Investing 2026 (1)     • 5 of Our Favorite Apple Watch Fitness Apps of 2025 (1)     • 5trucks.ru 500 (1)     • 6 (5)     • 7 (2)     • 7 Best Calorie Counter Apps of 2026 (1)     • 7 Best Intermittent Fasting Apps Our 2026 List (1)     • 7 Day 1000 Calorie Diet Plan for Weight Loss with PDF (1)     • 7 Games Bet E Confiavel 259 (3)     • 8 (1)     • 8 Best Goal-Tracking Apps to Accomplish Your Goals in 2026 (1)     • 8 Best Weight Loss Apps in 2025 (1)     • 835i (1)     • 888starz bd (1)     • a legitimate mail order bride (5)     • a mail order bride (2)     • a16z generative ai (2)     • a16z generative ai 1 (1)     • Aajogo Aposta 570 (1)     • abstraktdergi.net 2000 (1)     • acheter une mariГ©e par correspondance (2)     • Admin (2)     • adobe generative ai 2 (1)     • After A First Date What To Expect (1)     • After Getting Married Checklist (1)     • afunayunsushi.cl (1)     • afyonsosyetepazari.com 1 (1)     • afyonsosyetepazari.com 2 (1)     • Agence de messagerie de commande de mariГ©e (8)     • Agence de vente par correspondance (4)     • Agence de vente par correspondance avec la meilleure rГ©putation (2)     • Agences de la mariГ©e par correspondance (1)     • agences de mariГ©e par correspondance (4)     • agencia de novias por correo (2)     • agenzia sposa per corrispondenza (1)     • agenzie sposate per corrispondenza (1)     • AI News (5)     • alfalegacyco.com (1)     • alll (1)     • amminex.net 2 (1)     • ancor10 (6)     • ancor100 (1)     • ancorallZ 1000 (18)     • ancorallZ 150 (1)     • ancorallZ 1500 (25)     • ancorallZ 2000 (12)     • ancorallZ 2500 (5)     • ancorallZ 3000 (1)     • ancorallZ 308 (11)     • ancorallZ 350 (2)     • ancorallZ 50% (10)     • ancorallZ 500 (12)     • ancorallZ 60 (1)     • ancorallZ 800 (1)     • ancorallZ 900 (1)     • ancorZ 1500 (2)     • ancorZ 2500 (15)     • andreschweighofer.com4 (1)     • ankaratarotfali.com 2 (1)     • anmeldelser av postordrebrudbyrГҐ (21)     • antalyaerenhali.com 1 (1)     • App For Fitness At Home (1)     • aprofi34.ru 1000 (1)     • arbelecos.es (1)     • Are Mail Order Brides Illegal (1)     • Are Mail Order Spouse Illegal (4)     • articles (27)     • Artificial intelligence (AI) (1)     • asian brides (1)     • asian dating and marrige (1)     • asian women (1)     • atlas-export.c (1)     • Auf der Suche nach Ehe (3)     • augustent.com 1 (1)     • august_pb (1)     • aug_ch_2 (1)     • Auslandische Brute (1)     • Australia Casino (1)     • Australia Casino1 (1)     • austria (1)     • autourban.cl (1)     • ava (1)     • average age of mail order bride (3)     • average cost of a mail order bride (8)     • average cost of mail order bride (5)     • average mail order bride prices (9)     • average price for a mail order bride (2)     • average price for mail order bride (6)     • average price of a mail order bride (3)     • average price of mail order bride (7)     • Aviator (5)     • Aviator Betano 12 (3)     • aviator brazil (1)     • aviator casino DE (2)     • aviator casino fr (2)     • aviator IN (1)     • aviator ke (7)     • aviator mz (1)     • aviator ng (7)     • Aviator Игра На Деньги Официальный Для Игры В Aviator – 946 (2)     • Avis sur le site Web de la commande par correspondance (1)     • avito-club.ru 100 (1)     • axiomaltd.ru 1500 (2)     • AZ Most BET (1)     • Azer Casino (1)     • Azerbajany Mostbet (6)     • Azerbaycan Casino (1)     • Azr Casino (1)     • b1bet apostas (3)     • b1bet BR (1)     • b1bet brazil (1)     • bahisyasal (1)     • bambturkiye.com 1 (1)     • bancorallZ 500 (3)     • bancorallZ 800 (1)     • bancorZ 2500 (8)     • Banda (8)     • Bankobet (1)     • Basaribet (1)     • bashpirat.ru 2000 (1)     • bÃ¤sta land fÃ¶r postorder brud reddit (1)     • bÃ¤sta legitima postorder brudens webbplatser (2)     • bÃ¤sta postorder brud platser (2)     • bÃ¤sta postorder brud webbplatser recensioner (1)     • bÃ¤sta postorder brudbyrÃ¥ (1)     • bÃ¤sta postorder brudens webbplatser (1)     • bÃ¤sta postorder brudland (1)     • bÃ¤sta postorder brudlÃ¤nder (3)     • bÃ¤sta postorderbrud nÃ¥gonsin (1)     • bÃ¤sta stÃ¤llet att fÃ¥ en postorderbrud (1)     • bÃ¤sta stÃ¤llet att fÃ¥ postorder brud (1)     • bbrbet colombia (1)     • bbrbet mx (1)     • bcg4 (1)     • bcgame1 (1)     • bcgame2 (1)     • bcgame3 (1)     • bcgame4 (1)     • Bdm Bet 296 (1)     • beautiful women dating (1)     • bedava-slot-oyunlari.com 1500 (1)     • bedava-slot-siteleri.com 1500 (1)     • bedpage (5)     • beregaevo.ru 4-8 (1)     • Best 10 Cryptocurrency Trading Strategies In 2026 (1)     • Best 10 fitness apps in USA for wight loss (1)     • Best Ai Crypto Trading Bots 2026 (1)     • Best Ai Stock Trading Software In 2026 Artificial Intelligence Tools (1)     • Best App to Log Workout 2025: 12 Apps Tested by Lifters Setgraph: Workout Tracker App (1)     • Best Apple Watch apps 2026 (1)     • BEST bewertete Versandauftragsbrautseiten (3)     • Best Brokers With Ai Trading Tools 2026 (1)     • best countries for a mail order bride (2)     • best countries to get a mail order bride (9)     • Best Countries To Meet A Wife (1)     • best country for mail order bride (6)     • best country for mail order bride reddit (1)     • best country to find a mail order bride (4)     • best country to find mail order bride (2)     • Best Crypto Wallets Of November 2024 – 285 (1)     • best dating sites (1)     • Best fitness app (1)     • Best Fitness App 205 (1)     • Best fitness app for IOS at 2025 (1)     • Best fitness app for women in 2026 (1)     • Best fitness app for workout (1)     • Best fitness app for workouts (1)     • Best fitness app for you at 2025 (1)     • Best fitness app in California 2026 (1)     • Best fitness app in USA 025 (1)     • Best fitness app rating 2025 (1)     • Best fitness apps 2026 (1)     • Best Fitness Apps for Weight Loss: Achieve Your Fitness Goals (1)     • Best fitness apps in USA review 2026 (1)     • Best Fitness Apps of 2026 (1)     • Best Fitness Challenge Apps 2025 (1)     • Best fitness trainer online for 2025 (1)     • Best fitness wealth app 2025 (1)     • Best food apps 2025 (1)     • Best Free Weight Loss Apps in 2026: Our Top Picks (1)     • best latin dating sites (1)     • best legit mail order bride websites (3)     • best mail order bride (3)     • best mail order bride agency (6)     • best mail order bride agency reddit (3)     • best mail order bride companies (6)     • best mail order bride company (1)     • best mail order bride countries (6)     • best mail order bride country (5)     • best mail order bride ever (7)     • best mail order bride places (5)     • best mail order bride service (3)     • best mail order bride site (3)     • best mail order bride site reddit (1)     • best mail order bride sites (14)     • best mail order bride sites reviews (10)     • best mail order bride website (6)     • best mail order bride websites (3)     • best mail order bride websites 2022 (3)     • best mail order bride websites reddit (5)     • Best Mail Order Brides Websites (1)     • Best meal planning app for ladies 2026 (1)     • best place for mail order bride (5)     • best place to get a mail order bride (3)     • best place to get mail order bride (9)     • best places for mail order bride (1)     • best places to find mail order bride (3)     • best places to get mail order bride (2)     • best rangerte postordrebrudesider (3)     • best rated mail order bride sites (5)     • best real mail order bride site (9)     • best real mail order bride sites (4)     • best reputation mail order bride (5)     • Best Reviewed Dating Sites (39)     • best site mail order bride (4)     • Best Sportsbook Promotions And Bonuses September 2024 – 537 (3)     • Best Video Games Roms (1)     • Best Walking Apps for Weight Loss : Your Ultimate Guide (1)     • best website to find a mail order bride (4)     • Best Website To Find Women (1)     • Best Weight Loss Programs Of 2026 (1)     • Best workout app's in USA 205 (1)     • Best Workout Apps For 2026 (1)     • best-news (4)     • Beste echte Mail -Bestellung Brautseiten (2)     • beste ekte postordre brudeside (1)     • beste land for en postordrebrud (2)     • beste land for postordre brud reddit (3)     • beste landet ГҐ finne en postordrebrud (1)     • beste landet ГҐ finne postordrebrud (1)     • Beste legitime Mail -Bestellung Brautwebsites (3)     • Beste Lender fГјr eine Postanweisung Braut (2)     • Beste Mail -Bestellung Braut (1)     • Beste Mail -Bestellung Braut -Websites Bewertungen (6)     • Beste Mail -Bestellung Braut aller Zeiten (1)     • Beste Mail -Bestellung Brautagentur (2)     • Beste Mail -Bestellung Brautagentur Reddit (1)     • Beste Mail -Bestellung Brautfirma (3)     • Beste Mail -Bestellung Brautpletze (2)     • Beste Mail -Bestellung Brautseite (1)     • Beste Mail -Bestellung Brautseiten (2)     • Beste Mail -Bestellung Brautunternehmen (2)     • Beste Mail -Bestellung Brautwebsite (2)     • Beste Mail -Bestellung Brautwebsites (2)     • Beste Mail bestellen Braut Websites Reddit (2)     • beste nettsted for ГҐ finne en postordrebrud (2)     • beste nettsted post ordre brud (4)     • beste omdГёmme postordre brud (2)     • Beste Orte, um Versandbestellbraut zu erhalten (2)     • Beste Orte, um Versandbestellbraut zu finden (4)     • beste postordre brud nettsteder (2)     • beste postordre brud nettstedet reddit (3)     • beste postordre brud noensinne (1)     • beste postordre brudeside (2)     • beste postordre brudfirma (1)     • beste postordre brudland (1)     • beste postordre brudselskaper (2)     • beste postordre brudtjeneste (1)     • beste postordrebrud (1)     • Beste Reputation Mail -Bestellung Braut (3)     • Beste Site -Mail -Bestellung Braut (3)     • beste steder for postordrebrud (2)     • Beste Versandbestellung Braut Land (1)     • Beste Versandbestellung Brautlender (6)     • Beste Website, um eine Mail -Bestellung zu finden, Braut (2)     • Bester Ort fГјr Versandbestellbraut (1)     • Bester Ort, um Versandbestellbraut zu erhalten (4)     • Bestes Land fГјr Versandbestellbraut Reddit (2)     • Bestes Land, um eine Versandbestellbraut zu finden (5)     • Bestes Land, um Versandbestellbraut zu finden (1)     • besyohocam.com 2 (1)     • Bet Way 548 (1)     • bet3 (2)     • Betao Bet 341 (3)     • Betmotion brazil (1)     • BetOnRed APK (1)     • betspecial.co.uk 2 (1)     • betting utan svensk licens (2)     • betwinner1 (1)     • betwinner2 (3)     • betwinner3 (4)     • betwinner4 (2)     • big bass de (8)     • Big Game Casino 828 (3)     • bildungsinstitut-reittherapie.de (1)     • bilimufku.com 2000 (1)     • Bir Gelin Bul (1)     • Bir Posta SipariЕџi Gelin (1)     • Bir posta sipariЕџi gelini bulun (1)     • Bir posta sipariЕџi gelini iГ§in en iyi Гјlkeler (1)     • Bir posta sipariЕџinin ortalama fiyatД± (1)     • bizzo casino (6)     • bla gjennom postordrebruden (1)     • blÃ¤ddra i postorder bruden (1)     • blog (1,286)     • bloomtiendas.com (2)     • bon site Web de mariГ©e par correspondance (2)     • bonanzareels (1)     • Bono Gratogana 973 (1)     • bons sites de mariГ©e par correspondance (3)     • book of ra (2)     • book of ra it (5)     • Bookkeeping (31)     • Bootcamp de programación (1)     • bootstrap-3.rucss.php 100 (1)     • bra postorder brud webbplatser (1)     • bra postorder brudens webbplats (1)     • Brand (1)     • brasilmaquinasagricolas.com (1)     • Braut bestellen Mail (2)     • Braut Weltversandbraut Braute (1)     • bride mail order (4)     • bride order mail (9)     • bride order mail agency (6)     • bride world mail order brides (5)     • brides dating (1)     • browse mail order bride (3)     • brucebetonline.de (1)     • brudebestillings mail (1)     • brudebestillings postbyrГҐ (1)     • brudeparets ordre bruder (3)     • brudepostordre (3)     • brut-club.ru 1500 (1)     • btt feb (1)     • buen correo orden sitio web de la novia (1)     • buenos sitios de novias por correo (1)     • bukmacherzy online (3)     • bus-shklyar.ru 500 (1)     • buscando matrimonio (2)     • Business, Advertising (2)     • Business, Article Marketing (5)     • Business, Careers (2)     • Business, Customer Service (4)     • Business, Entrepreneurs (5)     • Business, Home Based Business (5)     • Business, Marketing (3)     • Business, Sales (3)     • Business, Small Business (5)     • buy a mail order bride (4)     • Buy Cbd Oil Blessedcbdcouk 877 (3)     • buy cheap essay online (1)     • buy mail order bride (4)     • buy online essay cheap (1)     • Buy Semaglutide (2)     • buying a mail order bride (1)     • CA Casino (1)     • calculadora (2)     • camp-hockey.ru 500 (1)     • campionsbb.com 2000 (1)     • can i get a mail order bride if i am already married? (1)     • can someone write an essay for me (1)     • can someone write my essay for me (1)     • can you mail order a bride (10)     • Can You Really Mail Order A Bride (1)     • Canada Casino (1)     • canlı bahis Bahisyasal feb (3)     • casibom tr (1)     • casibom-tg (2)     • casino (262)     • Casino Betonred 131 (2)     • casino en ligne (3)     • casino en ligne argent reel (1)     • casino en ligne fr (49)     • casino onlina ca (1)     • Casino Online (2)     • casino online ar (1)     • casinò online it (1)     • Casino Party 95 (1)     • casino svensk licens (1)     • casino utan svensk licens (23)     • casino utan svesk licens (4)     • casino zonder crucks netherlands (1)     • casino-glory india (2)     • casino1 (16)     • casino1-1 (1)     • casino10-1 (1)     • casino11 (1)     • casino15 (2)     • casino16 (1)     • casino17 (1)     • casino18 (1)     • casino18-1 (1)     • casino19 (1)     • casino2 (12)     • casino21 (1)     • casino22 (2)     • casino23 (2)     • casino25 (1)     • casino3 (5)     • casino4 (5)     • casino5 (3)     • casino6 (4)     • casino7 (3)     • casino8 (3)     • casino9 (2)     • casinomate-login.comen-au (1)     • casinos (3)     • casyno (1)     • catalogo sposa per corrispondenza (1)     • Catalogue de la mariГ©e par correspondance (4)     • Catalogues de la commande par correspondance (5)     • catГЎlogo de novias por correo (1)     • cayyolutravel.com 1000 (1)     • cccituango.co (1)     • cccituango.co 14000 (1)     • centralrest.ru 500 (1)     • Chantilly Racecourse Competition Cards And Bets Odds – 995 (1)     • Chathub (10)     • Chatib (9)     • che cos'ГЁ il servizio di sposa per corrispondenza (3)     • che cos'ГЁ una sposa per corrispondenza? (1)     • che sposa per corrispondenza (2)     • cheap academic essay writing (1)     • cheap buy essay (1)     • cheap custom essay papers (1)     • cheap essay papers (1)     • cheap essay writing service online (1)     • cheap essay writing sites (1)     • cheap reflective essay proofreading website online (1)     • cheap reliable essay writing service (1)     • cheapest write my essay service (1)     • cheremis46.ru 500 (1)     • chinese dating (1)     • Cities (8)     • cmi.cl (1)     • cocobebe.cl (1)     • come acquistare una sposa per corrispondenza (1)     • come funziona la sposa per corrispondenza (1)     • come funziona una sposa per corrispondenza (2)     • come ordinare la sposa per corrispondenza (1)     • come ordinare una sposa per corrispondenza (1)     • come ordinare una sposa russa per posta (1)     • come uscire con una sposa per corrispondenza (1)     • comedychristmas.ch (1)     • Commandage mariГ©e Craigslist (1)     • Commande de courrier Г©lectronique (7)     • Commande par correspondance Definitiom (1)     • commander par courrier une mariГ©e (1)     • Commandez de la courrier mariГ©e rГ©elles histoires (4)     • Commandez la mariГ©e rГ©el du site rГ©el (2)     • commanditГ© (1)     • Comment acheter une mariГ©e par correspondance (1)     • Comment commander de la mariГ©e (1)     • Comment commander la commande par courrier mariГ©e (6)     • Comment commander par la poste une mariГ©e (3)     • Comment commander une mariГ©e par correspondance (1)     • Comment commander une mariГ©e par correspondance russe (3)     • Comment faire de la vente par la poste (4)     • Comment faire une mariГ©e par correspondance (3)     • Comment fonctionne la mariГ©e par courrier (2)     • Comment fonctionne une mariГ©e par correspondance (2)     • Comment fonctionnent la mariГ©e par courrier (2)     • Comment fonctionnent les sites de mariГ©e par courrier (3)     • Comment prГ©parer une mariГ©e par correspondance Reddit (2)     • Comment sortir avec une mariГ©e par correspondance (3)     • Comment Г©pouser une mariГ©e par correspondance (2)     • Commout Mail Entre Russian Bride (2)     • Communications, GPS (2)     • Communications, Mobile Phones (3)     • Communications, Video Conferencing (2)     • compagnie di sposa legittime per corrispondenza (1)     • compra la sposa per corrispondenza (2)     • comprare una sposa per corrispondenza (1)     • Computers, Computer Certification (7)     • Computers, Data Recovery (6)     • Computers, Games (2)     • Computers, Hardware (3)     • Computers, Software (3)     • corporativodehospitalescommx (1)     • correo de pedidos de la novia (1)     • correo en orden cuestan novia (1)     • correo en orden novia (2)     • correo legГ­timo orden novia rusa (1)     • correo legГ­timo ordenar sitios de novias reddit (1)     • correo orden cupГіn de novia (2)     • correo orden de cuentos de novias reddit (2)     • correo orden de cuentos reales de novias (3)     • correo orden de trabajo de novia? (2)     • correo orden informaciГіn de la novia (2)     • correo orden novia buena idea? (1)     • correo orden novia definitiom (2)     • correo orden novia legГ­tima? (1)     • correo orden novia real (1)     • correo orden novia sitio real (1)     • correo orden novia wikipedia (1)     • correo orden sitios web de novias reddit (1)     • correo para ordenar novia (1)     • correo-pedido-novia (1)     • cos'ГЁ la sposa per corrispondenza (2)     • cos'ГЁ la sposa per corrispondenza? (1)     • cos'ГЁ una sposa per corrispondenza (2)     • cos'ГЁ una sposa per corrispondenza? (1)     • cosmetology school toronto (1)     • costo medio della sposa per corrispondenza (1)     • costo medio di una sposa per corrispondenza (3)     • costo promedio de la novia del pedido por correo (1)     • Coupon de mariГ©e par correspondance (2)     • courrier des commandes de la mariГ©e (1)     • Courrier pour commander la mariГ©e (3)     • courses (1)     • CoГ»t moyen d'une mariГ©e par correspondance (2)     • CoГ»t moyen de la mariГ©e par correspondance (1)     • crazy time (7)     • creativeworkingplayground.com 1000 (1)     • Crickex Bd 489 (1)     • Crickex Login 877 (3)     • Cryptocurrency exchange (1)     • Cryptocurrency News (4)     • Cryptocurrency service (1)     • csdino (4)     • csri-sc.org (2)     • custom essay writers really cheap (2)     • Czy Slottica Wyplaca Pieniądze Jak Kości – 759 (1)     • cГіmo casarse con una novia por correo (1)     • cГіmo enviar por correo a una novia (1)     • cГіmo ordenar correo orden novia (1)     • cГіmo pedir una novia por correo (4)     • cГіmo pedir una novia rusa por correo (2)     • Datation de la mariГ©e par correspondance (3)     • dati sposa per corrispondenza (1)     • Dating A Foreigner (1)     • Dating Agencies In Ukraine (1)     • dating and adult sites (1)     • dating chat (1)     • Dating Foreign Women (1)     • dating sites for american (1)     • dating sites rating (2)     • Dating Someone From A Different Country (1)     • Dating Someone From A Different Culture (1)     • deberГ­a comprar una orden de correo novia (1)     • deberГ­a salir con una novia por correo (1)     • definisjon av postordre brud tjenester (2)     • definizione sposa per corrispondenza (1)     • Delivery Service 249 (3)     • derby (1)     • Descargar Slottica Best Online Casino Review – 450 (4)     • detsadik36.rubonusi 500 (1)     • devrais-je acheter une mariГ©e par correspondance (1)     • devrais-je sortir avec une mariГ©e par correspondance (1)     • Die Mail -Bestellungsbrautstelle (1)     • Die Versandbestellbraut (1)     • Do Guys Like It When Girls Make The First Move (1)     • do my essay for me cheap (1)     • dogakentkres.com 2 (1)     • dollastars.pl (1)     • done (5)     • dove acquistare una sposa per corrispondenza (1)     • dove compro una sposa per corrispondenza (1)     • dovrei comprare una sposa per corrispondenza (1)     • Download Mostbet App For Android And Ios In Bangladesh Join Now – 968 (2)     • doy-ckazka.ru (1)     • dragon money (1)     • dream-air.ru 50 (1)     • ds85perm.ru 500 (1)     • Durchschnittliche Kosten einer Versandbestellbraut (2)     • Durchschnittliche Kosten fГјr Versandbestellbraut (1)     • Durchschnittliche Versandauftragspreise (1)     • Durchschnittsalter der Postanweisung Braut (2)     • Durchschnittspreis fГјr eine Versandbestellbraut (3)     • Durchschnittspreis fГјr Versandbestellbraut (2)     • DГ©couvrez la mariГ©e par correspondance (3)     • DГ©finition de la mariГ©e par correspondance (3)     • DГ©finition des services de vente par correspondance (3)     • e-mail order bride (7)     • E-Mail-Bestellung Braut (1)     • e-post ordre brud nettsted anmeldelser (1)     • e-postordre brud nettsteder anmeldelser (1)     • Echat (9)     • Echte Versandauftragsbrautgeschichten (6)     • Echte Versandbestellbraut -Sites (2)     • Echte Versandbestellbrautwebsites (1)     • Echte Versandungsbraut (2)     • Education (3)     • Eine legitime Versandbrautbraut (2)     • ekte postordre brud nettsted (2)     • ekte postordre brud nettsteder (1)     • ekte postordre brudhistorier (1)     • ekte postordre brudtjeneste (1)     • ekte postordrebrud (1)     • elagentecine.cl (4)     • elemergente.net (1)     • elysiondanismanlik.com 1000 (1)     • En iyi 10 posta sipariЕџi gelini web siteleri (1)     • En iyi 5 posta sipariЕџi gelin sitesi (1)     • En iyi posta sipariЕџi gelin hizmeti nedir (2)     • En iyi posta sipariЕџi gelin yerleri (2)     • En iyi posta sipariЕџi gelini web siteleri (1)     • en legitim postorderbrud (1)     • en legitim postordrebrud (1)     • En Д°yi Posta SipariЕџi Gelin Ећirketi (1)     • En Д°yi Posta SipariЕџi Gelin Ећirketleri (1)     • en-iyi-slotlar.com 1500 (1)     • encontrar correo orden novia (2)     • encontrar una novia (1)     • encontrar una novia por correo (1)     • English Casino (1)     • eporner (1)     • er postordre brud ekte (2)     • er postordre brud verdt det (3)     • er postordrebrud en ekte ting (5)     • erome (1)     • esposa de pedidos por correo (2)     • essay buying for cheap (1)     • essay cheap (1)     • essay writing service fast (1)     • etsi postimyynti morsian (1)     • event (1)     • exness2 (1)     • exness3 (1)     • Extended Mostbet Bonus Code Syracuse: Secure $200 Gambling Deal For Thurs Night Night Football Tonight – 657 (4)     • F12 Bet App 266 (3)     • Fair Go Casino (1)     • Faits de mariГ©e par correspondance (5)     • Fall In Love With Someone You Don't Share A Common Language (1)     • fanarbeit.ch (1)     • Fansbet Review 632 (1)     • fapello (1)     • farma3 (1)     • farma4 (1)     • farmacia2 (1)     • Fashion, Clothing (4)     • Fashion, Jewelry (2)     • fckh.ru 1500 (1)     • fcommunity.ru (2)     • fiaccho.com (1)     • figuresina.com (1)     • filipino women (1)     • Finance, Credit (3)     • Finance, Currency Trading (2)     • Finance, Insurance (2)     • Finance, Investing (3)     • Finance, Loans (2)     • Finance, Personal Finance (2)     • Finance, Real Estate (4)     • Finance, Taxes (4)     • find a bride (1)     • find a mail order bride (8)     • Find A Woman To Date (1)     • find mail order bride (3)     • find me a mail order bride (3)     • Finden Sie eine Braut (1)     • Finden Sie mir eine Versandbestellbraut (5)     • finding a mail order bride (1)     • findpolice.ru 700 (1)     • finn en brud (2)     • finn en postordrebrud (1)     • finn postordrebrud (2)     • finne en postordrebrud (2)     • FinTech (14)     • fishingbaits.ru 2000 (1)     • Foreign Brides (4)     • Forex Trading (15)     • fortune tiger brazil (2)     • fr (1)     • freenas.pl (1)     • Future Trends In Crypto Wallets: Whats Next For Ironwallet? By Investing Com Studios – 141 (3)     • Galabet (1)     • galernaya20.ru 600 (1)     • Gama Casino (3)     • Game (1)     • Game Emulator Roms For Android (1)     • gameaviatorofficial.com (1)     • gates-of-olympus-oyna-demo.com 1000 (1)     • gb (1)     • gdje mogu dobiti mladenku za narudЕѕbu poЕЎte (1)     • gdje mogu kupiti mladenku za narudЕѕbu poЕЎte (1)     • gdje mogu pronaД‡i mladenku za narudЕѕbu poЕЎte (1)     • Gegmany Casino (1)     • Gegmany Casino1 (1)     • Gelin Posta SipariЕџi (1)     • Gelin SipariЕџ PostasД± (1)     • Generative AI (2)     • genomsnittlig kostnad fÃ¶r postorderbruden (1)     • German Casino (1)     • German Casino2 (2)     • GerГ§ek iГ§in posta sipariЕџi gelin? (1)     • GerГ§ek Posta SipariЕџi Gelin (1)     • GerГ§ek Posta SipariЕџi Gelin Hizmeti (1)     • ggokpoker-ru.ru (1)     • gjennomsnittlig kostnad for postordrebruden (1)     • gjennomsnittlige postordre brudpriser (1)     • gjennomsnittspris for postordrebrud (1)     • glory-casinos tr (1)     • god postordre brud nettsted (3)     • good mail order bride sites (3)     • good mail order bride website (4)     • Grato Gana 297 (3)     • Gratogana Bono 13 (3)     • Gratogana Espana 171 (3)     • Gratowin Casino 452 (1)     • Greece Casino (3)     • Greece Casino3 (1)     • Grm Casino (1)     • Gute Mail -Bestellung Brautseiten (4)     • haluan postimyynti morsiamen (1)     • hamletaarhus.dk (1)     • Health & Fitness, Weight Loss (1)     • Healthy Snacks: 65 Ideas for Any Lifestyle (1)     • hello world (1)     • help write my essay paper (1)     • hetaste postorderbruden (1)     • Histoire de la mariГ©e par correspondance (4)     • histoire vraie de la mariГ©e par correspondance (1)     • histoires de la mariГ©e par correspondance rГ©elle (4)     • histoires de la mariГ©e par la courrier Г©lectronique (2)     • Histoires de mariГ©e par correspondance reddit (4)     • Histoires de mariГ©e par correspondance reddit (1)     • Histoires de vente par correspondance (1)     • historia correo orden novia (1)     • historia om postorderbruden (1)     • historia post order brud (1)     • historia real de la novia del pedido por correo (1)     • historiapostitilaus morsian (1)     • historie postordre brud (2)     • Historique de la mariГ©e par correspondance (2)     • history mail order bride (8)     • history of mail order bride (9)     • hitta en brud (1)     • hitta en postorderbrud (1)     • hitta mig en postorderbrud (1)     • holodok-pmr.ru 1000 (1)     • Home & Family, Holidays (1)     • Home & Family, Home Improvement (1)     • Homepage (1)     • hookup online (1)     • hookup sites (1)     • hospicehomejc.org (1)     • Hot -Mail -Bestellung Braut (2)     • hot mail order bride (5)     • hot mail ordre brud (2)     • hottest mail order bride (5)     • hotteste postordrebrud (1)     • how do mail order bride sites work (6)     • how do mail order bride work (5)     • How Do You Maintain An International Relationship? (1)     • how does a mail order bride work (7)     • how does mail order bride work (4)     • how does mail order bride works (3)     • How Much Is A Mail Order Bride (1)     • How Much Is A Russian Mail Order Bride (1)     • how to date a mail order bride (3)     • How To Date Someone Internationally (1)     • how to do a mail order bride (7)     • how to do mail order bride (2)     • How To Have A Small Wedding (1)     • how to mail order a bride (6)     • how to mail order bride (5)     • how to marry a mail order bride (3)     • how to order a mail order bride (3)     • how to order a mail russian bride (5)     • how to order a russian mail order bride (2)     • how to order mail order bride (6)     • How To Play The Aviator Game Это Делает – 85 (2)     • how to prepare a mail order bride (2)     • how to prepare a mail order bride reddit (2)     • huippuposti tilaus morsian (1)     • hur fungerar postorderbruden (3)     • hur man fÃ¶rbereder en postorder brud reddit (2)     • hur man gÃ¥r med en postorderbrud (1)     • hur man gifter sig med en postorderbrud (1)     • hur man skickar bestÃ¤llning brud (1)     • hur man skickar en bestÃ¤llning av en brud (1)     • hva en postordrebrud (1)     • hva er de beste postordrebrudstedene (2)     • hva er den beste postordrebrudtjenesten (1)     • Hva er en postordre brud (2)     • hva er en postordrebrud (5)     • hva er en postordrebrud? (1)     • hva er postordre brud tjenester (3)     • hva er postordrebrud (3)     • hva er postordrebrud? (2)     • hva er postordrebruden? (2)     • hva er som postordrebrud (4)     • hvor du kan kjГёpe en postordrebrud (2)     • hvor finner jeg en postordrebrud (1)     • hvor kan jeg finne en postordrebrud (2)     • hvor kan jeg fГҐ en postordrebrud (2)     • hvordan bestille en russisk brud (1)     • hvordan bestille en russisk postordrebrud (2)     • hvordan du bestiller en postordrebrud (2)     • hvordan du bestiller postordrebrud (3)     • hvordan du forbereder en postordrebrud (2)     • hvordan du gifter deg med en postordrebrud (1)     • hvordan du gjГёr en postordrebrud (2)     • hvordan du gjГёr postordrebrud (1)     • hvordan du sender ordrebrud (1)     • hvordan fungerer en postordrebrud (3)     • hvordan fungerer postordrebruden (2)     • hvordan kjГёpe en postordrebrud (1)     • i migliori paesi della sposa per corrispondenza (1)     • i migliori paesi per una sposa per corrispondenza (1)     • i migliori siti di sposa per corrispondenza (1)     • i migliori siti di sposa per corrispondenza. (1)     • i migliori siti web per la sposa per corrispondenza (1)     • i posti migliori per trovare la sposa per corrispondenza (1)     • i siti della sposa con le migliori offerte (1)     • i want a mail order bride (9)     • i-kalendar.ru 500 (1)     • Ich mГ¶chte eine e Mail -Bestellung Braut (4)     • ihnk.ru 700 (1)     • il sito della sposa per corrispondenza (3)     • in cerca di matrimonio (1)     • in cerca di una sposa per corrispondenza (1)     • India Mostbet (3)     • Indonesia Casino (1)     • Indonesia Casino1 (1)     • Indonesia Casino2 (1)     • Industrie des mariГ©es par correspondance (2)     • infopot.ru 2500 (1)     • Informations sur les mariГ©es par correspondance (3)     • intellectplanet.ru 1500 (1)     • internasjonal postordrebrud (1)     • international dating (1)     • international mail order bride (3)     • Internationale Mail -Bestellung Braut (2)     • internationell postorderbrud (2)     • Internet Bride (1)     • Internet Business, Affiliate Programs (3)     • Internet Business, Audio-Video Streaming (6)     • Internet Business, Blogging (1)     • Internet Business, Domains (4)     • Internet Business, Ecommerce (2)     • Internet Business, Email Marketing (2)     • Internet Business, Ezine Publishing (1)     • Internet Business, Internet Marketing (1)     • Internet Business, Podcasts (6)     • Internet Business, Security (2)     • Internet Business, SEO (3)     • Internet Business, Site Promotion (1)     • interracial dating sites (1)     • Interracial Mail -Bestellung Braut (1)     • interracial mail order bride (4)     • is mail order bride a real thing (4)     • is mail order bride real (6)     • is mail order bride safe (3)     • is mail order bride worth it (2)     • Ist die Versandbraut real (1)     • Ist Versandbestellbraut eine echte Sache (1)     • Ist Versandbestellbraut es wert? (2)     • Ist Versandbestellbraut sicher (1)     • Istinita priДЌa o mladenki (2)     • IT Education (1)     • IT Vacancies (2)     • IT Вакансії (4)     • IT Образование (11)     • IT Освіта (1)     • Ita Casino (1)     • Itajubá August Mid 1970s Historical Weather Info Minas Gerais, Brazilian" – 837 (4)     • Italy Casino1 (1)     • Italy Casino3 (1)     • italyanmutfagihaftasi.com 1 (1)     • ivermectin (1)     • ivermectina (1)     • Ivermectine (3)     • ivibetcasino.ch (1)     • Jag vill ha en postorderbrud (1)     • jamiyatgzt.uz (1)     • japanese dating (1)     • japanese women (1)     • jardiance (1)     • jaya9 (1)     • jaya91 (1)     • jaya9casino (1)     • Je li Mail narudЕѕba mladenka stvarna (1)     • Je li mladenka narudЕѕba prava prava stvar (1)     • Je veux une mariГ©e par correspondance (1)     • jeg vil ha en postordrebrud (1)     • Jetx Game 964 (1)     • Jojobet (1)     • jomboydon.uz (1)     • Kako funkcioniraju web stranice za mladenke (1)     • Kako izlaziti mladenka za narudЕѕbu poЕЎte (1)     • Kako napraviti mladenku za narudЕѕbu poЕЎte (2)     • Kako naruДЌiti mladenku za narudЕѕbu poЕЎte (1)     • Kako naruДЌiti rusku narudЕѕbu poЕЎte (1)     • Kako poslati narudЕѕbu mladenke (1)     • Kako radi na narudЕѕbi Mail (1)     • kan du sende en brud pГҐ mail (1)     • kan du skicka en brud (1)     • Kann ich eine Versandungsbraut bekommen, wenn ich bereits verheiratet bin? (4)     • KaravanBet Casino (2)     • kasyno (1)     • Kasyno Online PL (1)     • Katalog Frauen (1)     • Kauf einer Mail -Bestellung Braut (4)     • Kaufen Sie eine Mail -Bestellung Braut (4)     • kazino-onlayn-reyting-luchshih.xyz 2 (1)     • kazino-onlayn-reyting.xyz 2 (1)     • kentt.xyz (1)     • kgskouskosh3.ru 4000 (2)     • kicksite.pl (1)     • king johnnie (2)     • klgsystel.com (1)     • Koja je najbolja naredba za mladenku (1)     • Koja je najbolja sluЕѕba za mladenku za narudЕѕbu poЕЎte (2)     • konteynerimalatsatis.com 1000 (1)     • kosavostra.ru 15 (1)     • kromatografi2023.org 1 (1)     • Kto Casa De Aposta 786 (1)     • Kudos Casino Bonus Codes 366 (3)     • Kudos Casino No Deposit Bonus 2024 165 (3)     • Kudos Casino No Deposit Bonus 2024 663 (1)     • Kudos Casino No Deposit Bonus Codes 631 (1)     • kuestenglueck.com (1)     • kuinka mennГ¤ naimisiin postimyynti morsiamen kanssa (1)     • kuinka postimyynti morsiamen (1)     • kuinka tilata postia venГ¤lГ¤inen morsian (2)     • Kupite mladenku za narudЕѕbu poЕЎte (1)     • Kupite narudЕѕbu poЕЎte (1)     • Kupnja mladenke za narudЕѕbu poЕЎte (2)     • kurdistan-fa feb (1)     • kuzeyyrentacar.com 1500 (1)     • kymmenen eniten postimyynti morsiamen sivusto (1)     • kymmenen eniten postimyynti morsiamen verkkosivustot (1)     • kymmenen parasta postimyynti morsiamen sivustoa (1)     • KГ¶nnen Sie eine Braut bestellen? (4)     • L (1)     • La commande par correspondance en vaut-elle la peine (3)     • La courrier Г©lectronique en vaut la peine? (1)     • la mariГ©e par correspondance (4)     • La mariГ©e par correspondance en vaut la peine (2)     • La mariГ©e par correspondance est-elle rГ©elle (2)     • La mariГ©e par correspondance est-elle sГ»re (3)     • La mariГ©e par correspondance est-elle une chose rГ©elle (4)     • la migliore corrispondenza per corrispondenza della sposa (1)     • la novia del pedido por correo (1)     • la sposa per corrispondenza (1)     • la-pepi.es (1)     • laillinen postimyynti morsiamen verkkosivusto (1)     • laillinen postimyynti morsian (2)     • lailliset postimyynti morsiamen palvelut (1)     • lailliset postimyynti morsiamen sivustot (1)     • lailliset postimyynti morsiamen verkkosivustot (2)     • lailliset postimyyntiyritykset (1)     • larosa22.es (2)     • latin dating sites (1)     • Latin Woman For Marriage (1)     • latin women for marriage (1)     • Le site de la mariГ©e par correspondance (2)     • Legale Versandhandel Seiten fГјr BrГ¤ute (6)     • leggi led per corrispondenza i siti della sposa (1)     • Leggit Mail bestellen Brautseiten (5)     • leggit mail order bride sites (9)     • leggit postordre brud nettsteder (1)     • Legit Mail narudЕѕba mladenka (1)     • Legit Mail narudЕѕbe mladenke web stranice Reddit (2)     • legit mail order bride (3)     • legit mail order bride service (3)     • legit mail order bride site (2)     • legit mail order bride sites (3)     • legit mail order bride sites reddit (9)     • legit mail order russian bride (5)     • legit postimyynti morsiamen palvelu (1)     • legit postimyynti morsian (1)     • legit postimyynti venГ¤lГ¤inen morsian (1)     • legit postorder brud (1)     • legit postordre brud (3)     • legit postordre brud nettsted (3)     • legit postordre brud nettsteder (3)     • legit postordre brud nettsteder reddit (1)     • legit postordre brudtjeneste (1)     • legit postordre russisk brud (2)     • legitim postorder brud (1)     • legitim postorder brud webbplatser (1)     • legitim postorder brudens webbplatser (1)     • legitim postorder brudtjÃ¤nster (1)     • legitim postordre brudsted (2)     • legitim postordrebrud (1)     • legitimale Mail -Bestellung Braut (2)     • legitimale Versandbestellung russische Braut (3)     • legitimate mail order bride (7)     • legitimate mail order bride companies (4)     • legitimate mail order bride services (4)     • legitimate mail order bride site (1)     • legitimate mail order bride sites (3)     • legitimate mail order bride website (3)     • legitimate mail order bride websites (5)     • legitime Mail -Bestellung Braut Site (2)     • legitime Mail -Bestellung Brautdienste (2)     • Legitime Mail bestellen Brautwebsite (4)     • legitime Mail bestellen Brautwebsites (2)     • legitime postordre brudtjenester (2)     • legitime postordrebrud nettsteder (2)     • legitime Versandbestellbrautstandorte (1)     • legitimer Versandauftragsbrautservice (1)     • legitimert postordre brudtjeneste (2)     • legitimne web stranice za mladenke (1)     • legitimt postordrebrud nettsted (4)     • Legitimte -Mail -Bestellung Brautservice (3)     • legitimte mail narudЕѕbe mladenke (1)     • legitimte mail order bride service (3)     • legititna poЕЎta naredba ruska mladenka (1)     • legittima vendita per corrispondenza sposa (1)     • legittimare il servizio di sposa per corrispondenza (2)     • lenovo-smart.ru 2000 (1)     • Les meilleurs pays pour obtenir une mariГ©e par correspondance (1)     • Les meilleurs sites de mariГ©es par correspondance. (2)     • Les sites de mariГ©e par correspondance lГ©gitimes (4)     • lesbian mail order bride (4)     • lesbian mail order bride reddit (9)     • Lesbienne Mail Commande Bride Reddit (3)     • lesbische Versandbestellung Braut Reddit (1)     • lesbisk postorder brud reddit (1)     • lesbisk postordre bruden reddit (1)     • lesbisk postordrebrud (2)     • lesbo postimyynti morsian (3)     • Lezbiyen Posta SipariЕџi Gelin (1)     • liceojgm.cl (1)     • lightnovosti.ru 170 (1)     • Linebet Uz Yuklab Olish 277 (1)     • linebetonline.org (1)     • list of best mail order bride sites (5)     • List Of Most Wards In Nairobi County – 88 (1)     • Listcrawler central jersey (1)     • listcrawler corpus christi (1)     • listcrawlers fort worth (1)     • Liste der besten Mail -Bestell -Braut -Sites (3)     • Liste des meilleurs sites de mariГ©es par correspondance (3)     • liste over beste postordre brudsider (1)     • Live Report For Montana Sixth Is V Pirin Blagoevgrad – 980 (1)     • lmgsport.pt (1)     • looking for a mail order bride (3)     • los 10 mejores sitios para novias por correo (2)     • luckhome.ru 2000 (1)     • lucky8 France (1)     • luisfelipecolecciones.com (1)     • Luva Bet Download 467 (1)     • lyrica (1)     • machintech.ru (1)     • Mail -Bestellung Braut (1)     • Mail -Bestellung Braut -Websites ?ГјberprГјfen (4)     • Mail -Bestellung Braut Datierung (2)     • Mail -Bestellung Braut definieren (2)     • Mail -Bestellung Braut echt (3)     • Mail -Bestellung Braut es wert ist (1)     • Mail -Bestellung Braut legitim (2)     • Mail -Bestellung Braut zum Verkauf (1)     • Mail -Bestellung Brautagentur mit dem besten Ruf (2)     • Mail -Bestellung Brautagenturen (1)     • Mail -Bestellung Brautbewertung (3)     • Mail -Bestellung Brautdating Site (4)     • Mail -Bestellung Brautdefinition (2)     • Mail -Bestellung Brautdienste (4)     • Mail -Bestellung Brautdienste Definition (2)     • Mail -Bestellung Brautindustrie (3)     • Mail -Bestellung Brautkatalog (3)     • Mail -Bestellung Brautkupon (2)     • Mail -Bestellung Brautservice (2)     • Mail -Bestellung Bride Agency Reviews (1)     • Mail an die Braut bestellen (2)     • Mail auf Bestellung Braut (1)     • Mail bestellen Braut -Website -Bewertungen (2)     • Mail bestellen Braut Arbeit? (2)     • Mail bestellen Braut echte Geschichten (1)     • Mail bestellen Braut legitim? (3)     • Mail bestellen Braut Reales Standort (1)     • Mail bestellen Braut Reveiw (4)     • Mail bestellen Braut Websites Bewertungen (1)     • Mail bestellen Braut Websites Reddit (2)     • Mail bestellen Braut Wiki (1)     • Mail bestellen Braut Wikipedia (3)     • Mail bestellen Brautartikel (2)     • Mail bestellen Brautbewertungen (2)     • Mail bestellen Brautdating -Sites (1)     • Mail bestellen Brautgeschichten (2)     • Mail bestellen Brautgesetze (2)     • Mail bestellen Brautinformationen (1)     • Mail bestellen Brautlender (1)     • Mail bestellen Brautstandorte legitim (2)     • Mail bestellen Brautwebes Reddit (2)     • Mail bestellen Brautwebsite (2)     • Mail bestellen Brautwebsites (3)     • Mail bestellen eine Braut (4)     • Mail bestellen Frauen (2)     • mail bride order (1)     • Mail dans l'ordre de la mariГ©e (3)     • Mail dans l'ordre du coГ»t de la mariГ©e (1)     • Mail dans la dГ©finition de la mariГ©e (4)     • mail fÃ¶r att bestÃ¤lla brud (2)     • mail for brudekostnad (2)     • mail for ГҐ bestille brud (2)     • mail i ordning brud kostar (1)     • mail i ordning bruddefinition (1)     • mail i rekkefГёlge brud (3)     • mail i rekkefГёlge brud (1)     • mail i rekkefГёlge bruddefinisjon (1)     • Mail in der Bestellung Brautdefinition (1)     • mail in order bride (2)     • mail in order bride cost (5)     • mail in order bride definition (5)     • mail in ordine definizione sposa (1)     • Mail Mail (1)     • Mail narudЕѕba mladenka stvarna (1)     • Mail narudЕѕba mladenka vrijedi? (1)     • Mail narudЕѕba mladenka zakonita (1)     • Mail narudЕѕbe mladenke za stvarno (1)     • Mail narudЕѕbe za mladenke ДЌinjenice (1)     • mail on order bride (9)     • mail order a bride (6)     • mail order bride (1)     • mail order bride agences (5)     • mail order bride agencies (2)     • mail order bride agency (3)     • mail order bride agency reviews (5)     • mail order bride agency with the best reputation (8)     • mail order bride articles (4)     • mail order bride catalog (7)     • mail order bride catalogs (5)     • mail order bride catalogue (3)     • mail order bride countries (3)     • mail order bride coupon (3)     • mail order bride craigslist (6)     • mail order bride dating (2)     • mail order bride dating site (6)     • mail order bride dating sites (4)     • mail order bride define (8)     • mail order bride definitiom (3)     • mail order bride definition (6)     • mail order bride facts (5)     • mail order bride faq (4)     • mail order bride for real (7)     • mail order bride for real? (5)     • mail order bride for sale (4)     • mail order bride good idea? (3)     • mail order bride industry (5)     • mail order bride info (7)     • mail order bride information (5)     • mail order bride legit (4)     • mail order bride legit sites (2)     • mail order bride legit? (7)     • mail order bride real (9)     • mail order bride real site (4)     • mail order bride real stories (6)     • mail order bride reveiw (4)     • mail order bride review (4)     • mail order bride reviews (3)     • mail order bride service (9)     • mail order bride services (1)     • mail order bride services definition (4)     • mail order bride sites (5)     • mail order bride sites legitimate (7)     • mail order bride sites reddit (3)     • mail order bride sites review (4)     • mail order bride stories (1)     • mail order bride stories reddit (3)     • mail order bride story (9)     • mail order bride website (2)     • mail order bride website reviews (7)     • Mail Order Bride Websites (4)     • mail order bride websites reddit (3)     • mail order bride websites reviews (5)     • mail order bride wiki (2)     • mail order bride wikipedia (2)     • mail order bride work? (2)     • mail order bride worth it (5)     • mail order bride worth it? (4)     • mail order brides (2)     • mail order wife (5)     • mail order wife cost (1)     • mail order wives (2)     • mail pÃ¥ bestÃ¤llning brud (1)     • mail pГҐ bestilling brud (2)     • mail to order bride (2)     • mail-order bride (3)     • Mail-Order-Braut (1)     • Mail-order-bride (3)     • Mail. Bride Legit (1)     • maila i ordning brud (2)     • Mailbrautbestellung (7)     • Mailorder Brides Cost (1)     • maisondecharme.ru 1000 (1)     • makaleozgunluktesti.com 500 (1)     • Maribet casino TR (3)     • mariГ©e par correspondance (7)     • mariГ©e par correspondance chaude (5)     • mariГ©e par correspondance dГ©finir (1)     • mariГ©e par correspondance en ligne (3)     • mariГ©e par correspondance internationale (1)     • mariГ©e par correspondance interraciale (2)     • mariГ©e par correspondance la plus chaude (1)     • mariГ©e par correspondance lesbienne (2)     • mariГ©e par correspondance lГ©gitime (5)     • mariГ©e par correspondance reveiw (2)     • mariГ©e par correspondance rГ©elle (2)     • mariГ©e par correspondance Г  vendre (1)     • mariГ©e par la poste d'historique (1)     • marktkauf-shs.de (2)     • Marriage Certificate Requirements (1)     • Marriage Expectations (1)     • Masalbet (1)     • masia-sa.es (1)     • Maxi reviewe (3)     • mdash.ru 300 (1)     • Meaning Of Chemistry Between A Man And A Woman (1)     • mebel-elegya.ru 1500 (1)     • medbrat (1)     • medelÃ¥lder fÃ¶r postorderbruden (1)     • medic (2)     • Medicina (2)     • medmind.ru 4-8 (1)     • medyumfikrethoca.com 1500 (1)     • meet women online (1)     • Meilleur endroit pour la mariГ©e par correspondance (3)     • Meilleur pays pour la mariГ©e par correspondance (1)     • Meilleur pays pour la mariГ©e par correspondance Reddit (1)     • Meilleur pays pour trouver la mariГ©e par correspondance (5)     • Meilleur pays pour trouver une mariГ©e par correspondance (2)     • Meilleur service de mariГ©e par correspondance (2)     • Meilleur site Web de mariГ©e par correspondance (2)     • Meilleure agence de mariГ©e par correspondance (4)     • Meilleure agence de mariГ©e par correspondance reddit (2)     • Meilleure entreprise de mariГ©e par correspondance (5)     • Meilleure mariГ©e de la vente par correspondance du site (1)     • Meilleure mariГ©e par correspondance (2)     • Meilleure mariГ©e par correspondance de tous les temps (6)     • Meilleure Г©pouse de vente par correspondance de rГ©putation (3)     • Meilleures sociГ©tГ©s de mariГ©es par correspondance (3)     • Meilleurs avis sur les sites de mariГ©e par correspondance (2)     • Meilleurs pays de la mariГ©e par correspondance (2)     • meilleurs pays pour une mariГ©e par correspondance (4)     • Meilleurs sites de mariГ©e par correspondance (5)     • Meilleurs sites Web de la mariГ©e par correspondance 2022 (1)     • Meilleurs sites Web de mariГ©e par correspondance lГ©gitime (2)     • Meilleurs sites Web de mariГ©es par correspondance reddit (2)     • mejor correo orden novia agencia reddit (1)     • mejor correo pedido novia paГ­s (1)     • mejor lugar para recibir pedidos por correo novia (1)     • mejor orden de correo de la novia (1)     • mejor paГ­s para pedidos por correo novia reddit (1)     • mejor sitio de novias por correo (1)     • mejor sitio web de la novia por correo (1)     • mejores lugares para encontrar la novia por correo (1)     • mejores lugares para la novia por correo (1)     • mejores lugares para novias por correo (1)     • mejores lugares para recibir pedidos por correo novia (1)     • mejores paГ­ses para una novia por correo (1)     • mejores sitios de novias de pedidos por correo real (1)     • mejores sitios para novias por correo (1)     • mejores sitios web de novias por correo (2)     • mejores sitios web de novias por correo 2022 (1)     • metody-platnosci.pl (1)     • metody-platnosci.pldarmowe-pieniadze-blik-promocje-bonusy-oferty (1)     • MeД‘unarodna narudЕѕba poЕЎte (1)     • MeЕџru posta sipariЕџi gelin siteleri (1)     • MeЕџru posta sipariЕџi gelini sitesi (1)     • miglior ordine di posta elettronica siti web sposa reddit (1)     • miglior ordine postale agenzia sposa reddit (1)     • miglior servizio di sposa per corrispondenza (2)     • miglior sito per sposa per corrispondenza reale (1)     • miglior sito web per la sposa per corrispondenza (1)     • migliore agenzia sposa per corrispondenza (1)     • migliore compagnia di sposa per corrispondenza (1)     • migliore reputazione per corrispondenza sposa (2)     • migliori paesi sposa per corrispondenza (1)     • migliori recensioni per i siti della sposa (2)     • migliori siti web per la sposa per corrispondenza (2)     • migliori vendita per corrispondenza siti web sposa 2022 (2)     • mikГ¤ on postimyynti morsiamen palvelut (1)     • mikГ¤ on postimyynti morsiamena (1)     • mikГ¤ on postimyynti morsian (2)     • mikГ¤ on postimyynti morsian? (2)     • MINDES MINDES Web lokacije (1)     • mini-review (9)     • Mini-reviews (43)     • minimiri feb (2)     • missionaguafria.com6 (1)     • mistГ¤ lГ¶ydГ¤n postimyynti morsiamen (2)     • mistГ¤ ostan postimyynti morsiamen (1)     • miten postimyynti morsiamen sivustot toimivat (1)     • miten postimyynti morsiamen toimii (1)     • mladenka (4)     • mladenka za narudЕѕbu poЕЎte (1)     • mladenke na narudЕѕbi najbolje poЕЎte (1)     • mobileporngames (2)     • mogli per corrispondenza (1)     • moglie per corrispondenza (1)     • mombrand (1)     • mono brand (1)     • mono slot (2)     • Monobrand (41)     • monobrend (16)     • monogame (2)     • monoslot (11)     • morsiamen postimyynti (1)     • morsiamen tilausposti (1)     • morsiamen tilauspostivirasto (3)     • Mosbet: Onlayn Kazino Və Idman Mərcləri – 178 (3)     • mosgorduma24.ru 500 (1)     • moskovsky-vrach.rucasino 500 (1)     • Most Bet 654 (1)     • Mostbet (2)     • Mostbet Agent App Download – 931 (3)     • mostbet apk (18)     • Mostbet App Download For Android Apk In India 2024 – 273 (3)     • mostbet az 90 (17)     • Mostbet az Yüklə (2)     • mostbet azerbaijan (6)     • Mostbet Azerbaycan (4)     • Mostbet Bonus Program Code Forbes: Up In Order To $1, 000 New Player Promo Oct 2024 – 763 (4)     • Mostbet Casino AZ (2)     • Mostbet Cheltenham Gold Pot Sign Up Present: £30 In Free Bets – 813 (4)     • Mostbet Gambling Establishment Pennsylvania – 946 (1)     • mostbet giriş (14)     • mostbet GR (1)     • mostbet hungary (1)     • Mostbet India Established Betting Site: 150% Welcome Bonus Login – 580 (3)     • mostbet italy (1)     • Mostbet Kentucky Ky: Claim A New-user Promo – 914 (1)     • mostbet kirish (1)     • Mostbet Kz 664 (1)     • Mostbet Login Bd 684 (3)     • Mostbet Nederland Review 2024 Legaal Online Wedden – 747 (3)     • mostbet norway (2)     • mostbet oynash (1)     • mostbet ozbekistonda (8)     • mostbet royxatga olish (1)     • Mostbet Sportsbook Assessment 2024: $105 Inside Bonus Bets – 91 (1)     • mostbet tr (12)     • mostbet uz (7)     • mostbet uz kirish (9)     • Mostbet UZ ro'yxatga olish (3)     • Mostbet Uzbekistan (3)     • mostbetuzcasino.com (1)     • MoЕѕete li naruДЌiti mladenku (1)     • Mr Bet casino DE (1)     • mr jack bet brazil (1)     • Mt5 For Crypto 328 (1)     • municasablanca.cl (1)     • mvclinic.ru 2 (1)     • mx-bbrbet-casino (1)     • my stories (1)     • my-busines.ru 150 (1)     • Najbolja mjesta za mladenku za narudЕѕbu poЕЎte (1)     • Najbolja narudЕѕba Mail ikad (2)     • Najbolja narudЕѕba za mladenke (1)     • Najbolja narudЕѕba za mladenku Reddit (1)     • Najbolja web stranica za mladenku (1)     • Najbolja zemlja za pronalaЕѕenje mladenke za narudЕѕbu poЕЎte (2)     • Najbolje mjesto za dobivanje mladenke za narudЕѕbu poЕЎte (1)     • Najbolje narudЕѕbe mladenke (1)     • Najbolje narudЕѕbe za mladenke recenzije (1)     • Najbolje ocijenjene web stranice za narudЕѕbu poЕЎte (1)     • Najbolje zemlje za mladenku za narudЕѕbu poЕЎte (3)     • NajviЕЎe narudЕѕbe zaruДЌnice sjedi (1)     • narudЕѕba mail mladenke (2)     • NarudЕѕba poЕЎte (2)     • narudЕѕba poЕЎte mladenka reveiw (2)     • NarudЕѕba za mail radi posao? (1)     • NarudЕѕbe za mladenke (2)     • NaruДЌivanje poЕЎte FAQ FAQ (1)     • NaruДЌivanje za mladenku kupon (1)     • nbanews.ru 500 (1)     • Netherlands Casino (1)     • Netherlands Casino1 (2)     • Nevjesta narudЕѕba poЕЎte (1)     • Nevjesta za narudЕѕbu vruД‡e poЕЎte (1)     • New (1)     • New Hat Sports Betting Will Be Sports Betting Legitimate In New Shirt? – 532 (4)     • New Post (1)     • news (3,385)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • NEWS (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (4)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (3)     • News (2)     • News (2)     • News (2)     • News (2)     • News (2)     • News (1)     • News (1)     • News (1)     • News (1)     • News – Copy (7)     • News – Copy (2) (8)     • News – Copy (3) (6)     • news, relatipnshop (4)     • NonGamStopUK (1)     • Norwegian Casino (1)     • novia de pedidos por correo (4)     • novia mГЎs caliente por correo (1)     • novia orden mundial de correo novias (1)     • oct (1)     • oct3 (1)     • oct4 (1)     • oct_keopeworld.com (1)     • oct_troyandlindsey.com (1)     • Official Site – 300 (4)     • oikeat postimyynti morsiamen verkkosivustot (1)     • okggpoker.lol (1)     • okonlineplay.live (1)     • Omegle (12)     • Omegle cc (19)     • omegle.is (4)     • on postimyynti morsian sen arvoinen (1)     • on postimyynti morsian todellinen asia (1)     • Onabet Baixar 847 (1)     • onlayn-kazino-reyting.xyz 1 (1)     • Online -Mail -Bestellung Braut (2)     • Online Casino (6)     • online casino au (1)     • online dating (1)     • online dating tips (1)     • online love blog (1)     • online mail order bride (6)     • online postordre brud (2)     • online-postitilaus morsian (1)     • onlineplaypoker.cyou (1)     • onlone casino ES (1)     • oooat.ru (1)     • orden de correo de la industria de la novia (1)     • orden de correo de la novia (1)     • orden de correo de las agencias de la novia (1)     • orden de correo definiciГіn de novia (1)     • orden de correo electrГіnico novia (1)     • orden de correo internacional novia (3)     • orden de correo legГ­timo novia (2)     • orden de correo novia (3)     • orden de correo novia de verdad (1)     • orden de correo novia de verdad? (1)     • orden de correo novia vale la pena (1)     • orden de correo novia vale la pena? (1)     • orden de correo real novia (1)     • ordine della posta della sposa (2)     • ordine postale legittimo sposa russa (1)     • ordine postale sposa definire (3)     • ordini postali recensioni sposa (3)     • Organic Cbd Oil 359 (1)     • ostaa postimyynti morsiamen (1)     • ostamalla postimyynti morsiamen (1)     • ozwin au casino (1)     • Ozwin Casino 25 Zero Deposit Free Spins Reward Code Upon Vegas Xl January 2024 – 934 (1)     • Ozwin Casino Bonuses No Deposit Promo Codes And Free Spins – 735 (2)     • Ozwin Casino Codes Banking Methods – 260 (2)     • Ozwin Casino Overview $4000 + One Hundred Totally Free Spins Pleasant Reward – 836 (2)     • Ozwin No Deposit Bonus Codes Australia 2021 Free Slots – 841 (3)     • oГ№ acheter une mariГ©e par correspondance (2)     • oГ№ puis-je trouver une mariГ©e par correspondance (3)     • oГ№ trouver une mariГ©e par correspondance (2)     • p0kerdom.wiki (1)     • Pablic (57)     • Pagbet App Baixar 244 (3)     • pagbet brazil (1)     • paras maa lГ¶ytГ¤Г¤ postimyynti morsiamen (1)     • paras maa postimyynti morsiamen (1)     • paras paikka saada postimyynti morsiamen (2)     • paras postimyynti morsiamen sivusto (1)     • paras postimyynti morsiamen verkkosivusto (1)     • paras postimyynti morsiamenvirasto (1)     • parhaat paikat postimyynti morsiamen (2)     • parhaat postimyynti morsiamen sivustot (1)     • parhaat postimyynti morsiamen verkkosivustot (2)     • parhaiten arvioidut postimyynti morsiamen sivustot (2)     • Pars (1)     • Party Casino Bono Sin Deposito 379 (1)     • Partycasino Bonus Code 10 € 180 (3)     • patridiots.com (1)     • pay for an essay online (1)     • pay for essay paper (1)     • pay for essay writer (2)     • pay for write essay (1)     • pay for written essay (1)     • pay to write my essay (1)     • Pays des mariГ©es par correspondance (5)     • pb feb (1)     • pdrc (1)     • pedido por correo novia en venta (1)     • pedidos por correo de catГЎlogos de novias (1)     • pedidos por correo de reseГ±as de agencias de novias (1)     • pedidos por correo sitios de novias legГ­timos (4)     • pelican casino PL (2)     • per corrispondenza (2)     • per corrispondenza craigslist sposa (1)     • per corrispondenza i siti della sposa reddit (1)     • per corrispondenza paesi sposa (2)     • per corrispondenza sposa siti web reddit (1)     • per corrispondenza storie di sposi (3)     • pereezd.pl.ua (2)     • Pin UP (2)     • Pin Up Brazil (1)     • pin up casino (3)     • Pin UP Casino AZ (5)     • Pin UP Online Casino (1)     • Pin Up Peru (2)     • pin-up-qeydiyyat (1)     • pinco (3)     • PinUp apk (39)     • PinUP AZ Casino (1)     • pinup Brazil (3)     • pinupcasinos-az.com (1)     • pirots (3)     • Pirots SE (1)     • pitГ¤isikГ¶ minun pГ¤ivГ¤tГ¤ postimyynti morsiamen (1)     • Play Rom Games (1)     • play-7k.live (1)     • play.google.comstoreappsdetailsid=com.pinco.nicotoss_Английский (1)     • Playcroco App 648 (1)     • playpoker-ru.ru (1)     • playpokeronline.click (1)     • plinko (20)     • plinko in (2)     • plinko UK (6)     • plinko_pl (1)     • pocket1 (1)     • pocket2 (1)     • pocketoption3 (1)     • Pokemon Emerald Free Downloads (1)     • poker (1)     • poker-doms.store (1)     • poker.ok-play-poker.click (1)     • poker.play-online-ok.store (1)     • pokerdom-casino.digital (1)     • pokerdom-cazino.ink (1)     • pokerdom-kaz.store (1)     • pokerdom2.guru (1)     • pokerdomkaz.live (1)     • pokerdomkazahstan.biz (1)     • pokerplay-ru.ru (1)     • poland (4)     • polish mail order brides (1)     • Politics, Commentary (4)     • Politics, Current Events (2)     • Popis najboljih web mjesta za narudЕѕbu za narudЕѕbu poЕЎte (1)     • porndude (3)     • porngames (10)     • posso ottenere una sposa per corrispondenza se sono giГ  sposato? (2)     • Post (2,052)     • post brud ordre (1)     • Post in der Bestellung Braut (2)     • Post in der Bestellung Brautkosten (3)     • post-order-brud (1)     • Posta Gelin SipariЕџi (1)     • posta in ordine sposa (2)     • posta per ordinare la sposa (1)     • Posta sipariЕџ gelini nedir? (1)     • posta sipariЕџi eЕџleri (1)     • Posta SipariЕџi Gelin AjansД± Д°ncelemeleri (1)     • Posta SipariЕџi Gelin GerГ§ek (1)     • Posta SipariЕџi Gelin GerГ§ek Hikayeler (1)     • Posta SipariЕџi Gelin Hikayeleri (1)     • posta sipariЕџi gelin hikayeleri reddit (1)     • Posta SipariЕџi Gelin Hizmetleri Nedir (1)     • Posta SipariЕџi Gelin Hizmetleri TanД±mД± (1)     • Posta SipariЕџi Gelin NasД±l SatД±n AlД±nД±r (1)     • posta sipariЕџi gelin nasД±l Г§alД±ЕџД±r (1)     • Posta SipariЕџi Gelin Siteleri (1)     • posta sipariЕџi gelin siteleri nasД±l Г§alД±ЕџД±r (1)     • Posta sipariЕџi gelin siteleri reddit (1)     • Posta SipariЕџi Gelin SSS (1)     • Posta SipariЕџi Gelin Web Siteleri (1)     • Posta sipariЕџi gelin yasal mД±? (1)     • Posta sipariЕџi gelin Г§alД±ЕџД±yor mu? (1)     • Posta SipariЕџi Gelin Д°ncelemeleri (1)     • Posta sipariЕџi gelini (1)     • Posta sipariЕџi gelini flГ¶rt (2)     • Posta sipariЕџi gelini istiyorum (2)     • posta sipariЕџi gelini iГ§in en iyi yerler (1)     • posta sipariЕџi gelini iГ§in en iyi Гјlke (1)     • posta sipariЕџi gelini nasД±l sipariЕџ edilir (1)     • posta sipariЕџi gelini nasД±l Г§alД±ЕџД±r (1)     • Posta sipariЕџi gelini nedir (5)     • posta sipariЕџi gelini sitesi (1)     • posta sipariЕџi gelini web siteleri reddit (2)     • posta su ordinazione sposa (1)     • posti migliori per la sposa per corrispondenza (2)     • postimyynti (3)     • postimyynti morsiamen (1)     • postimyynti morsiamen agences (1)     • postimyynti morsiamen artikkeleita (1)     • postimyynti morsiamen arvostelut (1)     • postimyynti morsiamen craigslist (1)     • postimyynti morsiamen hyvГ¤ idea? (1)     • postimyynti morsiamen keski-ikГ¤ (1)     • postimyynti morsiamen keskimГ¤Г¤rГ¤inen hinta (4)     • postimyynti morsiamen keskimГ¤Г¤rГ¤iset kustannukset (1)     • postimyynti morsiamen legit? (1)     • postimyynti morsiamen sivusto (1)     • postimyynti morsiamen tarina (2)     • postimyynti morsiamen tiedot (2)     • postimyynti morsiamen verkkosivustojen arvostelut (1)     • postimyynti morsiamen viraston arvostelut (2)     • postimyynti morsiamen virastot (1)     • postimyynti morsiamen wikipedia (2)     • postimyynti morsian (1)     • postimyynti morsian todellinen (1)     • postimyynti vaimo (2)     • postimyynti vaimoja (1)     • postimyynti-morsian (1)     • posto migliore per ricevere la sposa per corrispondenza (2)     • postorder brud (1)     • postorder brud craigslist (1)     • postorder brud definition (3)     • postorder brud legit (1)     • postorder brud legit webbplatser (1)     • postorder brud recensioner (1)     • postorder brud reveiw (2)     • postorder brud riktiga historier (1)     • postorder brud till salu (1)     • postorder brud verklig (1)     • postorder brud webbplatser (1)     • postorder brud webbplatser recensioner (1)     • postorder brud wiki (1)     • postorder brud wikipedia (1)     • postorder brudens datingsajter (1)     • postorder brudens webbplats (1)     • postorder brudesidor reddit (1)     • postorder brudindustri (1)     • postorder brudkupong (1)     • postorder brudlÃ¤nder (1)     • postorder brudtjÃ¤nstdefinition (1)     • postorder brudtjÃ¤nster (1)     • postorder fruar (1)     • postordre brud (2)     • postordre brud agences (2)     • postordre brud dating (1)     • postordre brud ekte (2)     • postordre brud ekte nettsted (2)     • postordre brud for ekte (4)     • postordre brud legit (1)     • postordre brud legit nettsteder (2)     • postordre brud legit? (2)     • postordre brud nettsteder (3)     • postordre brud nettsteder gjennomgang (1)     • postordre brud nettsteder legitime (1)     • postordre brud pГҐ ordentlig? (1)     • postordre brud reveiw (1)     • postordre brud til salgs (1)     • postordre brud verdt det (1)     • postordre brud verdt det? (3)     • postordre brud wiki (1)     • postordre brudbyrГҐ (2)     • postordre brudbyrГҐ (1)     • postordre bruddatingsider (2)     • postordre brudebyrГҐ med det beste omdГёmmet (2)     • postordre brudebyrГҐer (6)     • postordre brudefakta (2)     • postordre brudefaq (5)     • postordre brudekatalog (2)     • postordre brudevurderinger (1)     • postordre brudhistorie (1)     • postordre brudindustri (2)     • postordre brudinfo (1)     • postordre brudland (2)     • postordre brudtjeneste (2)     • postordre en brud (3)     • postordre kone (1)     • postordre koner (4)     • postordre-brud (2)     • postordrebruden (1)     • postordrebrudstedet (3)     • Pouvez-vous commander un mail d'une mariГ©e (1)     • Povijesna poЕЎta naloga za mladenku (1)     • PoЕЎta po redoslijedu troЕЎkova mladenke (1)     • Prave narudЕѕbe za mladenke (1)     • praxis-stute.de (1)     • precio promedio de la novia del pedido por correo (1)     • Premier Little League Offer: 60 One Cole Palmer To Attain Vs Liverpool Along With Mostbet – 373 (4)     • premium-cashback.ru 2500 (1)     • Press (14)     • prestamos (1)     • prestamosenalicante contenido etil (1)     • prestamosenalicante lectura adicional (1)     • prestamosenbarcelona Pagina web (1)     • prestamosenbarcelona visita este sitio web (1)     • prestamosenbilbao.es acurcate a estos chicos (1)     • prestamosenbilbao.es buen sitio (1)     • prestamosenbilbao.es ir a este sitio web (1)     • prestamosenmadrid.net acurcate a estos chicos (1)     • prestamosenmadrid.net lectura adicional (1)     • prestamosenmalaga.es visita este sitio web (1)     • prestamosenmurcia.com Por que no mirar aque (1)     • prestamosenmurcia.com visita este sitio web (1)     • prestamosenpalma.es visita este sitio web (1)     • prestamosensevilla.es haga clic aqua ahora (1)     • prestamosensevilla.es visita este sitio web (1)     • prestamosenvalencia.es contenido etil (1)     • prestamosenvalencia.es lectura adicional (1)     • prestamosenzaragoza buen sitio (1)     • prestamosenzaragoza contenido etil (1)     • prestorestaurant.cz (1)     • prezzi medi per la sposa per corrispondenza (1)     • prezzo medio della sposa per corrispondenza (1)     • prezzo medio per sposa per corrispondenza (1)     • primexbt1 (1)     • primexbt2 (1)     • primexbt3 (1)     • prix moyen d'une mariГ©e par correspondance (1)     • prix moyen pour une mariГ©e par correspondance (1)     • Prix вЂ‹вЂ‹moyen pour la mariГ©e par correspondance (2)     • processed (1)     • Product Reviews, Book Reviews (4)     • Product Reviews, Consumer Electronics (5)     • Product Reviews, Movie Reviews (1)     • Product Reviews, Music Reviews (2)     • Projects (142,891)     • prokpao.ru 500 (1)     • Promoção Mostbet Eurocopa 2024 Confira As Melhores Ofertas" – 78 (4)     • PronaД‘ite Mail narudЕѕbe mladenke (1)     • ProsjeДЌna dob narudЕѕbe poЕЎte (1)     • ProsjeДЌne cijene mladenke (1)     • ProsjeДЌni troЕЎak narudЕѕbe poЕЎte (1)     • proyecto-bebe.es (1)     • pryazhaschool.ru 50 (1)     • psr.edu.pl (1)     • Public (4)     • Puis-je obtenir une mariГ©e par correspondance si je suis dГ©jГ  mariГ©e? (2)     • pГҐ jakt etter ekteskap (1)     • pГҐ jakt etter en postordrebrud (1)     • Qizilbilet (1)     • Qu'est-ce qu'une mariГ©e par correspondance (4)     • Qu'est-ce qu'une mariГ©e par correspondance? (3)     • Qu'est-ce que la mariГ©e par correspondance (4)     • Qu'est-ce que la mariГ©e par correspondance? (2)     • Qu'est-ce que les services de mariГ©e par correspondance (3)     • qual ГЁ il miglior servizio di sposa per corrispondenza (2)     • qualitycoffee.cl (1)     • que es una novia de pedidos por correo (2)     • Queen 777 Casino 543 (3)     • Quel est le meilleur pays de mariГ©e par correspondance (1)     • Quel est le meilleur service de mariГ©e par correspondance (2)     • Quel est le meilleur site de mariГ©e par correspondance (2)     • quelle est une mariГ©e par correspondance (2)     • quiero una novia por correo (1)     • r7-kasino8.site (1)     • r7kazino.life (1)     • Ramenbet (6)     • ready_text (225)     • Real Mail bestellen Braut Site (4)     • Real Mail bestellen Brautwebsite (1)     • real mail order bride (2)     • real mail order bride service (2)     • real mail order bride site (5)     • real mail order bride sites (2)     • real mail order bride stories (7)     • real mail order bride website (6)     • real mail order bride websites (9)     • remont-certina.ru 500 (1)     • remont-iwc.ru 500 (1)     • Review (7)     • Review top fitness app in USA (1)     • Reviewe (27)     • reviewer (52)     • revisione dei siti della sposa per corrispondenza (1)     • revisiГіn de la novia por correo (2)     • revisiГіn de sitios de novias por correo (1)     • Revue des sites des mariГ©es par correspondance (1)     • reyting-internet-kazino-onlayn.xyz 2 (1)     • reyting-kazino-onlayn.xyz 2 (1)     • reyting-luchshih-onlayn-kazino.xyz 2 (1)     • reyting-onlayn-kazino-evropy.xyz 2 (1)     • reyting-onlayn-kazino-po-vyplatam.xyz 2 (1)     • reyting-onlayn-kazino-rossii.xyz 2 (1)     • reyting-onlayn-kazino.xyz 2 (1)     • reyting-top-10-onlayn-kazino.xyz 2 (1)     • ricky casino australia (2)     • rigged-soccer-matches.com2 (1)     • riktiga postorder brud webbplatser (1)     • riktiga postorder brudens webbplatser (1)     • riktiga postorder brudhistorier (1)     • riobet5.xyz (1)     • rise-of-olympus-100.com.gr (1)     • ruaprincipereal.com (1)     • Russian Mail Order Brides Cost (1)     • Rust (1)     • rybelsus (1)     • salto.pk3 (1)     • salus-controls.ru 500 (1)     • samsunservisi.com 1500 (1)     • sann historie om postordrebruden (1)     • sansalvatrail.ch (1)     • Satbet India 840 (1)     • se (30)     • selectorcasino.lol (1)     • Self Improvement, Attraction (4)     • Self Improvement, Coaching (2)     • Self Improvement, Creativity (3)     • Self Improvement, Happiness (2)     • Self Improvement, Success (2)     • Self Improvement, Time Management (2)     • selfmadeconcrete.ru (1)     • senior dating (1)     • sep1 (3)     • sep2 (1)     • sep3 (2)     • sep4 (2)     • sep6 (1)     • sep7 (2)     • sep8 (1)     • sep9 (1)     • Service de mariГ©e de commande par correspondance lГ©gitime (1)     • Service de mariГ©e par correspondance (1)     • Service de mariГ©e par correspondance la mieux notГ©e (1)     • Service de mariГ©e par correspondance lГ©gitime (2)     • Service de mariГ©e par correspondance rГ©el (3)     • Services de mariГ©e par correspondance (4)     • Services de mariГ©e par correspondance lГ©gitime (4)     • servicio de novia de pedidos por correo mejor calificado (1)     • servicio de novia de pedidos por correo real (2)     • servicio de novias por correo (1)     • servicios de novias por correo legГ­timo (2)     • Servis mladenke s najviЕЎim ocijenjenim narudЕѕbama (1)     • servizi per la sposa di alta corrispondenza (2)     • servizio di sposa per corrispondenza legittimo (2)     • servizio sposa per corrispondenza (1)     • servizio sposa per corrispondenza piГ№ votato (1)     • sevinf.ru 2 (1)     • sex chat (1)     • sex horoscope (1)     • sex sites (1)     • shopblackberry.ru 10 (1)     • Should A Guy Pay On The First Date (1)     • should i buy a mail order bride (2)     • should i date a mail order bride (1)     • siblo.pl (1)     • SIGNIFICES DE MAILLE (2)     • simpcity (2)     • sinanspor.com 1500 (1)     • Single Women Dating (2)     • Single Women For Marriage (1)     • singles (1)     • sistemarabuluculuk.com 1000 (1)     • Site de la mariГ©e par correspondance des dix premiers (3)     • site de mariГ©e par correspondance lГ©gitime (4)     • site de rencontres par courrier Г©lectronique (4)     • site Web de la mariГ©e par correspondance (5)     • site Web de mariГ©e par correspondance lГ©gitime (2)     • sites de mariГ©e par correspondance (1)     • sites de mariГ©e par correspondance les mieux notГ©s (1)     • sites de mariГ©e par correspondance lГ©gitime reddit (2)     • sites de mariГ©e par correspondance reddit (2)     • sites de mariГ©e par courrier lГ©gitime (1)     • sites de mariГ©e par courrier par correspondance (4)     • Sites de mariГ©e Г  commande par correspondance les mieux notГ©s (3)     • sites de mariГ©es par correspondance (3)     • sites de mariГ©s par correspondance rГ©els (2)     • sites de rencontres par courrier Г©lectronique (2)     • sites lГ©gitimes de mariГ©e par correspondance (2)     • Sites Web de la mariГ©e par correspondance (2)     • sites Web de la meilleure vente par correspondance (2)     • Sites Web de mariГ©e par correspondance lГ©gitime (2)     • Sites Web de mariГ©e par correspondance Reddit (1)     • Sites Web de mariГ©es par correspondance (1)     • siti di incontri per sposa per corrispondenza (1)     • sitio de citas de novias por correo (1)     • sitio de la novia de orden de correo legГ­timo (1)     • sitio de la novia de pedidos por correo real (1)     • sitio web de la novia de pedidos por correo (1)     • sitio web legГ­timo de la novia por correo (1)     • sitios de citas de novias por correo (1)     • sitios de novias de pedidos por correo legГ­timo (2)     • sitios de novias por correo (1)     • sitios de novias por correo de leggit (1)     • sitios web de novias de orden de correo superior (2)     • sitios web de novias por correo (2)     • sito della sposa per corrispondenza legittimo (1)     • sito della sposa per corrispondenza superiore (1)     • skal jeg gГҐ ut med en postordrebrud (3)     • Skokka (2)     • sky exchange1 (1)     • Sky Exchange2 (1)     • Sky Exchange3 (1)     • Sky247 Betting 290 (3)     • slot (6)     • slot-para-kazanma-oyunu.com 1000 (1)     • Slots (12)     • Slots` (1)     • slottica (3)     • Slottica 11 Bez Konieczności Wpłaty – 234 (4)     • Slottica 138 Mail Email Protected – 735 (1)     • Slottica 66 Wszelkich Starań – 622 (4)     • Slottica Affiliates Czy Kasyno – 128 (2)     • Slottica Casino 50 Free Spins Live Online Blackjack Casino – 617 (1)     • Slottica Casino Es Confiable Best Casino Sites – 22 (2)     • Slottica Casino Pl 292 (3)     • Slottica Casino Pl Takie Jak – 636 (1)     • Slottica Cassino Bohatera Wejdź Do Gry – 765 (1)     • Slottica Darmowe Spiny Gra Będzie – 979 (3)     • Slottica Free Spin Gry Karciane – 123 (1)     • Slottica Jak Usunac Konto Automatach I Zdobądź – 207 (2)     • Slottica Kasyno Para Novos – 489 (4)     • Slottica Kontakt 431 (1)     • Slottica Kontakt Grasz Tym Więcej – 104 (2)     • Slottica Logowanie 611 (3)     • Slottica Logowanie Best Online Casino In Singapore – 924 (1)     • Slottica No Deposit Bonus 2021 Gaming License – 416 (1)     • Slottica Rejestracja Demo Book Of Wild – 563 (3)     • Slottica Reviews Maneki Live Casino – 276 (2)     • Slottica Uttag Poker Live Casino – 316 (2)     • Sloty online (1)     • So bestellen Sie eine Mail -Bestellung Braut (1)     • So bestellen Sie eine russische Mail -Bestellung Braut (5)     • So bestellen Sie Versandbestellbraut (1)     • So datieren Sie eine Versandbestellbraut (1)     • So erstellen Sie eine Versandbestellbraut (2)     • So erstellen Sie eine Versandbestellung Braut Reddit (2)     • So kaufen Sie eine Mail -Bestellung Braut (1)     • So machen Sie eine Mail -Bestellung Braut (1)     • So maile die Braut beenden Bestellung (1)     • sobakarulit.rubonusi 500 (1)     • Sober living (17)     • Society, Divorce (5)     • Society, Marriage (5)     • Society, Relationships (2)     • Society, Religion (3)     • Society, Sexuality (3)     • Society, Weddings (2)     • Socio-economic Development Activity In Azerbaijan » "ümid" Sosial Inkişafa Dəstək İctimai Birliyi – 292 (2)     • SociГ©tГ©s de mariГ©e par correspondance lГ©gitime (2)     • Software development (13)     • Soll ich eine Versandungsbraut kaufen (1)     • Sollte ich mit einer Versandbestellbraut verabreden (1)     • someone write my essay for me (2)     • sondakikaguncelhaber.com 2 (1)     • Spain Casino (2)     • spinmama-casino (1)     • spinmama-pl (1)     • Sport Bet365 411 (1)     • sportbol.ru 1000 (1)     • sposa lesbica per corrispondenza (2)     • sposa mondo per corrispondenza spose (1)     • sposa per corrispondenza (2)     • Starcasino Bet 402 (2)     • steiko.ru 500 (1)     • stkbank.ru Пинко казино 5000 RU (1)     • storia mail ordina sposa (1)     • storie di sposa per corrispondenza (1)     • storie di sposa per corrispondenza vera (2)     • stromectol (2)     • Successful Interracial Marriages (1)     • Suchen Sie eine Mail -Bestellung Braut (3)     • Suchen Sie eine Versandbestellbraut (2)     • suenosdefreya.com (1)     • sugar baby blog (1)     • sugar dating (1)     • sugar rush (1)     • Sumatriptan (2)     • suosituimmat postimyynti morsiamen verkkosivustot (1)     • sv+egyptisk-kvinnor bÃ¤sta rykte postorder brud (1)     • sv+islandska-kvinnor bÃ¤sta rykte postorder brud (1)     • sv+kristna-ensamstaende-kvinnor bÃ¤sta rykte postorder brud (1)     • sweet bonanza (4)     • sweet bonanza TR (8)     • sweet-bonanza.best 2000 (1)     • t-store-smart.uz (1)     • Tala 888 Casino 368 (1)     • Tarih Posta SipariЕџi Gelin (1)     • tech (1)     • test (1)     • Testimonio del Casino Barcelona Online (1)     • thai online dating (1)     • The 10 Best Bodyweight Exercises to Train Your Forearms (1)     • The 10 Best Bodyweight Workout Programs 2026 (1)     • The 10 Best Crypto Learn And Earn Platforms In 2026 (1)     • The 10 best fitness apps of 2026 (1)     • The 10 Best Nutrition Apps (1)     • The 10 Best Nutrition Apps in 2026 (1)     • The 12 Best Community Chat Apps in 2026 (1)     • The 12 Best Weight Loss Apps (1)     • The 12 Best Workout Apps Of 2025: Fitness Apps Trainers Actually Use (1)     • The 15 Best Ab Workouts At Home (1)     • The 8 Most Popular Apps to Do a Low-Carb Diet (1)     • The BEST Cabbage Soup Diet Recipe and 7-Day Diet Plan PDF (1)     • The Best Fitness Apps And Tools (1)     • The Best Food Tracking Apps Of 2025, According To Dietitians (1)     • the mail order bride (1)     • the mail order bride site (6)     • the-omegle (3)     • theedgesport.cl (2)     • thenorthfacemontturkiye.com 1 (1)     • thenorthfacemontturkiye.com 2 (1)     • thothub (1)     • tiendacocobebe.cl (1)     • tiendatubelleza.com (1)     • Tippy Casino (2)     • TippyCasino (1)     • tips for men (1)     • Todo lo que necesita saber sobre los masajes (1)     • Top -bewertete Versandauftragsbrautseiten (1)     • Top -Mail -Bestellung Braut (1)     • Top -Mail -Bestellung Braut Site (5)     • Top -Mail -Bestellung Braut sitzt (3)     • Top -Mail -Bestellung Brautdienste (1)     • Top -Mail -Bestellung Brautlender (2)     • Top -Mail -Bestellung Brautseiten (4)     • Top -Mail -Bestellung Brautseiten. (2)     • Top -Mail -Bestellung Brautwebsites (2)     • Top -Mail -Brautnetz bestellen (3)     • Top 10 AI-Powered Fitness Apps for Personal Training (1)     • Top 10 apps for Mediterranean Diet Meal Plan (1)     • Top 10 Apps to Enhance Sports Performance and Nutrition (1)     • Top 10 Best Workout Apps for 2025 (1)     • Top 10 des sites de mariГ©es par correspondance (2)     • TOP 10 fitness apps 2025 (1)     • TOP 10 Fitness Apps in USA for 2026 (1)     • Top 10 fitness womans app 2025 (1)     • Top 10 Mail -Bestellung Braut (4)     • top 10 mail order bride (7)     • top 10 mail order bride sites (3)     • top 10 mail order bride websites (9)     • Top 10 sites Web de mariГ©es par correspondance (1)     • top 10 sposa per corrispondenza (2)     • Top 10 Versandbestellbraut -Sites (2)     • Top 10 web stranica za mladenke (1)     • Top 25 Best Forex Brokers In 2026 Recommended (1)     • TOP 5 fitness app in USA (1)     • TOP 5 fitness app October 2025 (1)     • TOP 5 Fitness Apps in USA for Workout at 2026 (1)     • top 5 mail order bride sites (4)     • Top 5 sites de mariГ©e par correspondance (1)     • Top 5 Versandbestellbraut -Sites (2)     • Top 5 web mjesta za narudЕѕbu poЕЎte (1)     • TOP 5 workout apps 2026 (1)     • Top 7 Artificial Intelligence AI Health Apps (1)     • Top Ai Tools For Traders To Use In 2026 (2)     • Top Bride Mail. (2)     • top dating sites (1)     • Top deset narudЕѕbe za mail mladenke Webites (1)     • Top dix marins de la vente par correspondance webite (3)     • Top Mail Bride Commande Web (5)     • top mail bride order web (6)     • top mail brudbestÃ¤llningswebb (2)     • Top Mail Command Bride Site (2)     • top mail order bride (5)     • top mail order bride countries (3)     • top mail order bride services (7)     • top mail order bride site (4)     • top mail order bride sites (4)     • top mail order bride sites. (4)     • top mail order bride sits (2)     • top mail order bride websites (4)     • top mail order novia (1)     • top mail sposi ordina web (1)     • top rated mail order bride service (3)     • top rated mail order bride sites (4)     • Top Ten Mail bestellen Braut (5)     • Top Ten Mail bestellen Braut Site (5)     • top ten mail order bride site (9)     • top ten mail order bride webites (2)     • top ten per corrispondenza sposa webite (1)     • top-news (5)     • top-reyting-onlayn-kazino.xyz 2 (1)     • topendsports.com (1)     • topp 10 postorder brud (1)     • topp 10 postorder brud webbplatser (1)     • topp 10 postorder brudens webbplatser (1)     • topp 10 postordre brud (1)     • topp 10 postordre brud nettsteder (4)     • topp 5 postordre brud nettsteder (1)     • topp ordre brud (2)     • topp ordre brud nettsteder (3)     • topp ordre brudland (1)     • topp post brudebestillingsnett (1)     • topp postorder brud (1)     • topp postorder brud sitter (1)     • topp postorder brudtjÃ¤nster (2)     • topp postordre brud nettsteder. (1)     • topp postordre brud sitter (1)     • topp ti postordre brud nettsteder (1)     • topprangerte postordre brudtjeneste (2)     • topprangerte postordrebrudesider (2)     • trading4 (1)     • trading5 (1)     • Travail des mariГ©es par correspondance? (4)     • Trebam li kupiti mladenku za narudЕѕbu poЕЎte (1)     • Trebam li se datirati mladenkom za narudЕѕbu poЕЎte (1)     • trix казино (1)     • Trouver la mariГ©e par correspondance (2)     • trouver une mariГ©e (3)     • Trouver une mariГ©e par correspondance (3)     • Trouvez-moi une mariГ©e par correspondance (2)     • trova una sposa per corrispondenza (1)     • True Mail -Bestellung Braut (1)     • true mail order bride (4)     • true mail order bride stories (1)     • true story of mail order bride (7)     • Turkey Casino Bonus (1)     • tut-boxing.ru 2000 (1)     • uaw-chrysler.com 2 (1)     • uesenciales.com (1)     • UK (1)     • UK Casino (1)     • Ukraine Ladies Seeking For Marriage (1)     • una novia legГ­tima por correo (2)     • una sposa legittima per corrispondenza (1)     • uncategorized (13)     • under-prog.ru 170 (1)     • une mariГ©e par correspondance (5)     • upsi.org.uk (2)     • uruniade.com 1000 (1)     • US Casino (1)     • UsaSexGuide (2)     • Usdc Matic To Usdt Ton 340 (3)     • Usluge mladenke za narudЕѕbu poЕЎte (1)     • utenlandske bruder (2)     • UZ Most bet (4)     • vad Ã¤r den bÃ¤sta postorderbrudwebbplatsen (1)     • vad Ã¤r det bÃ¤sta postorder bruden (1)     • vad Ã¤r en postorderbrud (1)     • vad Ã¤r postorderbruden (1)     • vad Ã¤r postorderbruden? (1)     • vale la pena la novia por correo (2)     • var hittar jag en postorderbrud (1)     • var kÃ¶per jag en postorderbrud (1)     • var man kan kÃ¶pa en postorderbrud (1)     • Vehicles, Boats (3)     • Vehicles, Cars (1)     • vendita per corrispondenza servizi per la sposa (2)     • vendita per corrispondenza sposa (1)     • vendita per corrispondenza sposa storie vere (1)     • vera sposa per corrispondenza (3)     • vera storia della sposa per corrispondenza (2)     • verde casino hungary (3)     • verde casino poland (3)     • verde casino romania (1)     • verklig postorder brudens webbplats (1)     • verklig postorder brudtjÃ¤nst (2)     • vero servizio di sposa per corrispondenza (1)     • Versandbestellbraut definitiom (4)     • Versandbestellung Frau (2)     • Versandbraut durchsuchen (3)     • Versandbraut fГјr echte (2)     • veshka-adm.ru 1500 (1)     • Video (2)     • vieraat morsiamet (1)     • vietnamese dating (1)     • villafjordhoej.dk (1)     • vodka-zerkalo.ru 5 (1)     • voglio una sposa per corrispondenza (2)     • voitko tilata morsiamen postitse (1)     • Vovan Casino (1)     • vulkan vegas DE (3)     • vulkan vegas De login (5)     • Vulkan Vegas Germany (3)     • Vulkan Vegas Poland (6)     • VulkanVegas Poland (3)     • vulkhan.club 2000 (1)     • vulkn.space 2000 (1)     • vulkn.xyz 2000 (1)     • VГ©ritable mariГ©e par correspondance (2)     • Wahre Geschichte der Versandbestellung Braut (2)     • wahre Mail -Bestellung Brautgeschichten (1)     • Was fГјr eine Mail -Bestellung Braut (2)     • Was ist als Mail -Bestellung Braut (3)     • Was ist der beste Versandauftragsbrautdienst? (2)     • Was ist die beste Mail -Bestellung Braut. (3)     • Was ist die beste Versandungsbestellung Brautland (3)     • Was ist die Versandbraut? (2)     • Was ist eine Mail -Bestellung Braut (6)     • Was ist eine Mail -Bestellung Braut? (2)     • Was ist eine Mail-Order-Braut (2)     • Was ist Versandbestellbraut (2)     • Was sind die besten Mail -Bestellbraut -Sites (3)     • Was sind Postanweisungen Brautdienste (5)     • WatchOnline (2)     • Web mjesto za izlaske na narudЕѕbu poЕЎte (1)     • web mjesto za mladenku za narudЕѕbu poЕЎte (1)     • Web stranica mladenke Real Mail narudЕѕbe (1)     • Web stranica za mladenku (1)     • Web stranice mladenke s najviЕЎe poЕЎte (1)     • Web stranice za izlaske za mladenke (1)     • Web za narudЕѕbu s najviЕЎe poЕЎte (2)     • what a mail order bride (4)     • what are the best mail order bride sites (3)     • what is a mail order bride (2)     • what is a mail order bride? (4)     • what is a mail-order bride (3)     • what is as mail order bride (3)     • what is mail order bride (3)     • what is mail order bride services (6)     • what is mail order bride? (7)     • what is mail-order bride (3)     • what is the best mail order bride country (6)     • what is the best mail order bride service (4)     • what is the best mail order bride site (7)     • what is the mail order bride? (6)     • what's a mail order bride (7)     • whats a mail order bride (4)     • whats a mail order bride? (6)     • When Is Definitely The Carabao Mug Draw? Date, Time, Tv Channel Plus Live Streams For Efl Cup Next Round 2023 24 – 743 (1)     • where can i find a mail order bride (5)     • where can i get a mail order bride (5)     • where do i buy a mail order bride (7)     • where do i find a mail order bride (4)     • where to buy a mail order bride (3)     • where to find a mail order bride (8)     • Where To Find Single Women (1)     • Why Are Second Marriages So Hard (1)     • Wie funktionieren Versandbestellbraut -Sites? (1)     • Wie funktioniert die Mail -Bestellung Braut? (7)     • Wie funktioniert die Versandbraut, Braut zu bestellen? (1)     • Wie funktioniert die Versandbraut, die Braut funktioniert? (6)     • Wie funktioniert eine Versandbestellung Braut (2)     • wie man beauftragte Braut (3)     • wie man eine Braut bestellt (3)     • wie man eine Mail russische Braut bestellt (2)     • Wie man eine Versandbestellbraut heiratet (4)     • wielosfer.pl (1)     • Wiki de la mariГ©e par correspondance (2)     • wikipedia correo orden novia (1)     • Wikipedia Mail -Bestellung Braut (1)     • wikipedia mail order bride (4)     • wikipedia postorder brud (2)     • wikipedia postordrebrud (1)     • winetwork.rufribet 1 (1)     • wingsoverpittsburgh.com (1)     • Winspark Join 101 (1)     • Wo finde ich eine Mail -Bestellung Braut (5)     • Wo kann ich eine Versandungsbraut bekommen? (4)     • Wo kann man eine Versandbestellbraut finden (4)     • Wo kann man eine Versandbestellbraut kaufen (4)     • write essay for me website (1)     • write me an essay cheap (1)     • write my essay for me best website (1)     • write my essay paper for me (1)     • write my essay services (1)     • wulkan.cloud (1)     • ww (1)     • www.churchgrowthresearch.org.uk_report (1)     • www.nationallampsandcomponents.co.uken-gb (1)     • www.pneugumy.cz (1)     • www.projetgrottecoeurdelourdes.comfr-CI (1)     • www.stiledo.pl_plakaty (1)     • xarelto (3)     • xn—-7sb3aca9ahcif.xn--p1ai 1500 (1)     • xn—-7sbbilrebpcpc3azcfbs.xn--p1ai 500 (1)     • xn--62-6kcad0b7cref6c2bv.xn--p1ai 500 (1)     • xn--90awgb.xn--p1ai 900 (1)     • xn--b1amash.xn--p1ai 2000 (1)     • xvideos (1)     • yasal posta sipariЕџi gelin hizmeti (1)     • yasal posta sipariЕџi gelin siteleri (1)     • yasal posta sipariЕџi gelini (1)     • ylimmГ¤n postin tilaus morsiamen sivusto (1)     • you write my essay for me (1)     • ysftesisat.com 2 (1)     • Zet Casino Review 612 (3)     • ВїCuГЎl es el mejor servicio de novias por correo (1)     • ВїCuГЎl es el mejor sitio para novias por correo (2)     • ВїCuГЎl es la novia del pedido por correo? (4)     • ВїCГіmo funciona la novia por correo (1)     • ВїCГіmo funcionan los sitios de novias por correo (1)     • ВїDГіnde encuentro una novia de pedidos por correo (1)     • ВїPuedo obtener una novia por correo si ya estoy casado? (1)     • ВїQuГ© es una novia de pedidos por correo? (4)     • Г  la recherche d'un mariage (1)     • Г  la recherche d'une mariГ©e par correspondance (1)     • Г©pouses par correspondance (2)     • Г©pouses Г©trangГЁres (1)     • Гњst Nominal Posta SipariЕџi Gelin Siteleri (1)     • Гњst Posta Gelin SipariЕџ Web (1)     • Гњst Posta SipariЕџi Gelin (1)     • Гњst posta sipariЕџi gelin oturuyor (2)     • Гњst posta sipariЕџi gelin siteleri (1)     • Гњst posta sipariЕџi gelin Гјlkeleri (2)     • ГЁ la sposa per corrispondenza una cosa reale (3)     • Г‚ge moyen de la mariГ©e par correspondance (3)     • Д±rklararasД± posta sipariЕџi gelini (1)     • Е to je Mail narudЕѕba mladenka? (1)     • Е to je mladenka za narudЕѕbu poЕЎte (1)     • Е to je mladenka za narudЕѕbu poЕЎte? (1)     • Е to je narudЕѕba poЕЎte (1)     • Е to je narudЕѕba poЕЎte? (1)     • Ећimdiye kadarki en iyi posta sipariЕџi gelini (1)     • Зщые (1)     • Игра (2)     • Игровой гидроавтомат Авиатор: Где Поиграть На Реальные Деньги И Демо пожелание И Рекомендации – 637 (4)     • Казино (5)     • Казино с минимальным депозитом: без лишних затрат (1)     • Как Работает Aviator Алгоритм Тактика Игра Анализ Parimatch Авиатор – 298 (2)     • Комета Казино (207)     • Лучшие онлайн казино России 2025: Ставки на спорт (1)     • Макси-обзорник (1)     • Новости (1)     • Новости Криптовалют (1)     • Рейтинг Казино (1)     • Сasinos (1)     • сателлиты (11)     • Финтех (8)     • Форекс Брокеры (9)     • Форекс обучение (13)     • Фриспины за регистрацию в онлайн казино: плюсы и минусы (1)     • Швеция (323)     • ‎mostbet Sports Betting On The App Store" – 142 (3)     • ‎mostbet Wagering On The Particular App Store – 564 (3)    • Home   • 7 Steps to Write an Essay   • Custom Term Papers For Academic Use   • The Significance of Custom Essay Writing Services   • How To Write The Finest Research Paper For The University   • 8 Key Ways to Avoid Doing Bad Research Paper Writing   • Free Slots Machines How to Win   • Custom Essay Writing and Assignment Help   • Writing a Research Paper in a Matter of Minutes   • Research Paper Writers – How To Hire the Best Writers for Your Essay   • Things To Do When Writing A Term Paper?    • Seeking Professional Essay Assist   • How To Purchase Term Papers Online   • Why Custom Research Papers Is Important   • Buy Essay Papers Online   • Essay Topics – How to Write a Fantastic Research Essay Topic   • How to Hire a Term Paper Writer   • Fall / Winter 2011   • How To Write Essay – Writing In Your Essay Exam   • #136 (no title)   • Types of Argumentative Research Papers   • How to Spot a Fraudulent Service   • Choosing an Academic Papers Essay Service   • Three Great Programs For Online Tools For Writers   • Research Paper Writing Services   • Student Essay Writers: Make Your Job Easy   • Tips For Choosing an Affordable Essay Writing Service   • Factors to Think about Before Purchasing Term Papers   • Essays Online – Essay Writing Help   • How to Write My Essay For Me   • Strategies for Hiring an Essay Helper   • #4035 (no title)   • Tips For Writing Your Essay   • Buy Essays Online From Licensed Writers   • How to Write Essays   • Could You Start Writing An Essay Next Day?    • Writing An Essay – Key Points And Essay Structure   • #473 (no title)   • How to Choose the Best Essay Writing Services   • Writing an Essay – 5 Pointers to Help You Write an Urgent Essay   • Custom Essay Writing Service Reviews   • #763 (no title)   • Collections   • About   • Contact   • Stores     • 'page-item','container' => 'false', 'items_wrap' => '%3$s' )); ?>   • Share
__label__cc WordPress      • Sample Page  Hello world!  Written by  admin6360  in  Uncategorized  Welcome to WordPress. This is your first post. Edit or delete it, then start writing!  Comments  One response to “Hello world!”    1. A WordPress Commenter Avatar     January 11, 2026     A WordPress Commenter      Hi, this is a comment.     To get started with moderating, editing, and deleting comments, please visit the Comments screen in the dashboard.     Commenter avatars come from Gravatar.      Reply  Leave a Reply Cancel reply  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *  More posts    • Hello world!      January 11, 2026  WordPress    • Blog   • About   • FAQs   • Authors   • Events   • Shop   • Patterns   • Themes  Twenty Twenty-Five  Designed with WordPress
__label__cc DSpace 日本語  Advanced Search Home   Browse Communities & Collections Issue Date Author Title   About DSpace  GIFU KYORITSU University Repository >  Browsing by Author 尾形, 哲也  Jump to: 0-9 A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z or enter first few letters:    Sort by: In order: Results/Page Authors/Record: Showing results 1 to 2 of 2 Issue DateTitleAuthor(s) 30-Mar-2016わが国における長寿企業のサステイナブルマネジメント尾形, 哲也; 小倉, 幸雄; OGATA, Tetsuya; OGURA, Yukio 16-Mar-2017人的資源と企業価値の会計的アプローチ尾形, 哲也; OGATA, Tetsuya Showing results 1 to 2 of 2    Valid XHTML 1.0! DSpace Software Copyright © 2002-2010  Duraspace - Feedback
__label__cc Logo   • Portfolio   • About   • Contact   • Archives  Category:In The Raw  In The Raw® Keeps It Raw  Broken Heart Love Affair  //  02.17.26  Brand strips back to simplicity in new campaign by Broken Heart Love Affair  After more than five decades in the category, In The Raw® is …  More >>  Related Posts    • Wesson’s Recipe for Connection    • Experience Earth’s History Through a Chimpanzee’s Eyes    • In the Raw Selects Broken Heart Love Affair  © 2016 Copyright Glossy Inc - All rights reserved  Top
__label__cc GTcarlot.com Vehicle Photo Archives Color Galleries Paint Codes News Data, Info and Specs VIN Decoder Home Color Galleries Jeep Jeep Grand Cherokee Jeep Grand Cherokee 2005 Back Jeep Grand Cherokee 2005 Deep Beryl Green Pearl #31079466 Photo #16  2005 Deep Beryl Green Pearl Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo #31079466 Photo #16  2005 Grand Cherokee Laredo - Deep Beryl Green Pearl / Medium Slate Gray photo #16  2005 Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo - Deep Beryl Green Pearl Color / Medium Slate Gray Interior  2005 Grand Cherokee Colors Select a Color   • Black (PX8)   • Bright Silver Metallic (PSB)   • Brilliant Black Crystal Pearl (PXR)   • Dark Khaki Pearl (PJT)   • Deep Beryl Green Pearl (PGV)   • Inferno Red Crystal Pearl (PEL)   • Light Khaki Metallic   • Midnight Blue Pearl (PB8)   • Stone White (PW1) 2005 Grand Cherokee Data, Info and Specs Deep Beryl Green Pearl Grand Cherokee Deep Beryl Green Pearl Jeep Grand Cherokee Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo Photo Gallery: Click the photos to enlarge   • 2005 Deep Beryl Green Pearl Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo photo #1   • 2005 Deep Beryl Green Pearl Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo photo #2   • 2005 Deep Beryl Green Pearl Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo photo #3   • 2005 Deep Beryl Green Pearl Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo photo #4   • 2005 Deep Beryl Green Pearl Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo photo #5   • 2005 Deep Beryl Green Pearl Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo photo #6   • 2005 Deep Beryl Green Pearl Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo photo #7   • 2005 Deep Beryl Green Pearl Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo photo #8   • 2005 Deep Beryl Green Pearl Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo photo #9   • 2005 Deep Beryl Green Pearl Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo photo #10   • 2005 Deep Beryl Green Pearl Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo photo #11   • 2005 Deep Beryl Green Pearl Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo photo #12   • 2005 Deep Beryl Green Pearl Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo photo #13   • 2005 Deep Beryl Green Pearl Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo photo #14   • 2005 Deep Beryl Green Pearl Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo photo #15   • 2005 Deep Beryl Green Pearl Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo photo #16   • 2005 Deep Beryl Green Pearl Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo photo #17   • 2005 Deep Beryl Green Pearl Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo photo #18   • 2005 Deep Beryl Green Pearl Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo photo #19   • 2005 Deep Beryl Green Pearl Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo photo #20   • 2005 Deep Beryl Green Pearl Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo photo #21   • 2005 Deep Beryl Green Pearl Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo photo #22   • 2005 Deep Beryl Green Pearl Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo photo #23   • 2005 Deep Beryl Green Pearl Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo photo #24   • 2005 Deep Beryl Green Pearl Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo photo #25   • 2005 Deep Beryl Green Pearl Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo photo #26  More Deep Beryl Green Pearl Grand Cherokee Photos    • 2005 Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo 4x4     2005 Deep Beryl Green Pearl Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo 4x4 #130715361   • 2004 Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo 4x4     2004 Deep Beryl Green Pearl Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo 4x4 #123002784   • 2005 Jeep Grand Cherokee Limited 4x4     2005 Deep Beryl Green Pearl Jeep Grand Cherokee Limited 4x4 #107724809   • 2005 Jeep Grand Cherokee Limited 4x4     2005 Deep Beryl Green Pearl Jeep Grand Cherokee Limited 4x4 #102190180   • 2005 Jeep Grand Cherokee Limited 4x4     2005 Deep Beryl Green Pearl Jeep Grand Cherokee Limited 4x4 #98982575   • 2005 Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo 4x4     2005 Deep Beryl Green Pearl Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo 4x4 #96471007 Our goal is to provide the highest quality automotive photo archives available online. GTcarlot.com Home Privacy Policy Terms of Use Search Car Shows, News and Events © 2024 World Motor Media   World Motor Media All data is provided for entertainment purposes only, is subject to change without notice and is provided without warranty of any kind. Thank you for visiting GTCarlot.com
__label__cc Guilded Age  The Saga of the Working Class Adventurer – New comics every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday!   • About   • Cast   • Crew   • Downloads   • Guilded Age Plus   • Store   • Contact   • RSS  Annotations Every Day - Written by T Campbell & Flo Kahn - Illustrated by John & Jason Waltrip  The one where they take a good hard look at their lives.  Chapter 10 – Cover  on March 25, 2011 Chapter: Chapter 10 Comments RSS  Discussion (93) ¬    1. Thor     Thor     March 25, 2011, 12:02 am | # | Reply      Axes, Bow, Guitar, Mace, Goggles . . . Where’s Bandit’s gear?!?      • Karishi       Karishi       March 25, 2011, 12:12 am | # | Reply        Hiding. As it should be.      • Meirnon       Meirnon       March 25, 2011, 1:52 am | # | Reply        That *IS* Bandit’s gear. No one knows it yet, though. WUTAI!        • Locke         Locke         March 26, 2011, 6:27 am | # | Reply          And they’ll have to play hide n’ seek and defeat an irritatingly over-powered boss fight to get them back.      • Caitlin       Caitlin       March 25, 2011, 7:15 am | # | Reply        It would be knife to know where it is, but this picture doesn’t make the cut.        • Andras         Andras         March 25, 2011, 2:11 pm | # | Reply          That’s likely the point.          • centuriancode           centuriancode           March 25, 2011, 9:08 pm | # | Reply            That’s right, there’s no need to get edgy about it.            • The Baker Dan             The Baker Dan             March 26, 2011, 1:31 am | # | Reply              these are some sharp comments.              • deans22               deans22               March 26, 2011, 11:14 am | # | Reply                Their rapier wit cuts to the bone.                • RJ                 RJ                 March 26, 2011, 6:08 pm | # | Reply                  come on cut them a little skin here      • Brandon Richard       Brandon Richard       March 26, 2011, 10:45 am | # | Reply        Maybe it’s just the players’ gear? Bandit isn’t one of the players, therefore…        • Kange         Kange         March 27, 2011, 12:55 am | # | Reply          c-c-c-combo breaker!    2. SaltyKracka     SaltyKracka     March 25, 2011, 12:13 am | # | Reply      Sweet new site, guys.      • Thor       Thor       March 25, 2011, 12:19 am | # | Reply        You should also check out the sweet new forum and make a some sweet new posts there.        • Novijen         Novijen         March 25, 2011, 12:27 am | # | Reply          And then we go to some sweet new diner and get the same old sweet new dinners.          • Locke           Locke           March 25, 2011, 1:49 am | # | Reply            And then enjoy sweet new rejection from the sweet new woman I’ve- I mean, WE’VE been stalking.            • Novijen             Novijen             March 25, 2011, 2:17 am | # | Reply              Then we get to take a ride in a sweet new police car.              • Locke               Locke               March 25, 2011, 4:46 am | # | Reply                And enjoy the taste of some sweet new pepper spray when we try to run away at the police station. Guess we shouldn’t make decisions after we polish off a sweet new bottle of cheap vodka.                • JarrysKid                 JarrysKid                 March 25, 2011, 11:33 am | # | Reply                  Then get locked up in a sweet new jail cell with a guy called “Bubba” who makes you his sweet new bitch.                  • Abcus                   Abcus                   March 25, 2011, 6:10 pm | # | Reply                    This sweet new comment thread is filled to the brim with WIN.                    Cheers,                    Cote                    • Kange                     Kange                     March 27, 2011, 1:08 am | # | Reply                      FAIL! loves da comic :D                      • Shippo                       Shippo                       March 27, 2011, 2:07 pm | #                        C-C-C-COMBO BREAKER!!!                    • Jean-Luc                     Jean-Luc                     March 27, 2011, 4:10 am | # | Reply                      This comment line gave me diabetes.                      • Thor                       Thor                       March 27, 2011, 6:18 am | #                        Sweet new diabetes?                      • Jean-Luc                       Jean-Luc                       March 27, 2011, 12:41 pm | #                        Well I got sweet new blood so yeah I guess. But no candy pour moi sadly.    3. Karishi     Karishi     March 25, 2011, 12:13 am | # | Reply      This page is to let us know that Thogg the Goblin will be joining the cast. That’s his rock the weapons are leaning against.      • Locke       Locke       March 25, 2011, 1:51 am | # | Reply        In an unrelated note, I’d LOVE if this comic got a plucky goblin protagonist. Maybe an NPC sidekick? I’ve always loved the subverting of “Evil Fantasy Race” cliches.        • Marty         Marty         March 25, 2011, 4:57 am | # | Reply          You mean you’ve always loved the “member of an evil race with a golden heart” cliche.          • ahdok           ahdok           March 25, 2011, 6:57 am | # | Reply            I call Drizzt on you!          • Thor           Thor           March 25, 2011, 1:36 pm | # | Reply            I find the idea that any race of sentient beings can be inherently evil to be utterly ludicrous. Sentience implies the ability to make choices, including moral and ethical ones. Even in very closed, real-life, human societies, there are dissidents, refugees, iconoclasts, reformers, and heretics.            There’s no reason that there shouldn’t be orcs, trolls, and goblins who just want to take care of their kids and peacefully go about their lives.        • Abcus         Abcus         March 25, 2011, 6:13 pm | # | Reply          Locke:          You should read Goblins : http://www.goblinscomic.com/          I highly recommend it.          Actually, everyone else too. It’s not QUITE as awesome as this one, but it’s pretty close. (And with a lot of similar themes).          Cheers,          Cote          • RJ           RJ           March 26, 2011, 6:10 pm | # | Reply            honestly anyone already reading this type of comic would have been blind to miss goblins :)~      • Meirnon       Meirnon       March 25, 2011, 1:54 am | # | Reply        Thogg actually lives underneath of the rock. We should make fanart. Fanart makes these things canon.        • Novijen         Novijen         March 25, 2011, 2:18 am | # | Reply          Then why have they not made my slashpics art yet?!?          • Ash           Ash           March 25, 2011, 7:45 am | # | Reply            You drew Guilded Age slash? I am intrigued.            • ahdok             ahdok             March 25, 2011, 9:52 am | # | Reply              There’s quite a lot of Frigg/Whitequeen              • Meirnon               Meirnon               March 25, 2011, 11:33 am | # | Reply                And it’s canon now. SEE?                • ahdok                 ahdok                 March 25, 2011, 11:49 am | # | Reply                  Sure;y that’d be Frigg/White bishop.    4. Connie     Connie     March 25, 2011, 12:34 am | # | Reply      I’d like to axe a few questions about today’s panel, but I’ll bow to public commentary and just Goggle it instead.      • solna       solna       March 25, 2011, 1:10 am | # | Reply        to arrow to the point of the issue, your comment is leaving me a little high strung.      • Caitlin       Caitlin       March 25, 2011, 7:19 am | # | Reply        It might be better to mace the music and appeal to the masses–I don’t think google will hack it.    5. Locke     Locke     March 25, 2011, 1:53 am | # | Reply      “Like, Gravedust, man, have you ever THOUGHT about, like, life? It’s so DEEP, man… Like… Like all these lines on my hands… Woah.”      • Novijen       Novijen       March 25, 2011, 2:16 am | # | Reply        Who knew death could be so intoxicating?        • Locke         Locke         March 25, 2011, 4:48 am | # | Reply          Nah, only when he wants to be. Otherwise, it’s impossible for him to get dru-          Oh, you said intoxicating. My bad.      • Rognik       Rognik       March 26, 2011, 11:14 pm | # | Reply        Nothing truly makes you take a good hard look at your life like losing it completely, then coming back from the grave.        So does this mean we have a party of 6? Or will Best be kept in reserve again, in case of a total party wipe like that failed diplomatic mission?        • Jean-Luc         Jean-Luc         March 27, 2011, 12:40 pm | # | Reply          With Best around there won’t be another wipe.          • Locke           Locke           March 27, 2011, 11:25 pm | # | Reply            Well, there WILL be one. Specifically, an “Ass-wipe”.    6. GeneralSpecific     GeneralSpecific     March 25, 2011, 1:59 am | # | Reply      I don’t like to nitpick, but on the cast page, the first sentence in Byron’s summary is repeated.      Overall, I like the way the site looks! :D      • Jay R.       Jay R.       March 25, 2011, 2:05 am | # | Reply        Apparently, the fact that Byron survived the War That Felled Battleshire is so important, they felt it was worth mentioning twice.        • Caitlin         Caitlin         March 25, 2011, 7:21 am | # | Reply          It’s less impressive when you find out Battleshire was populated primarily by puppies and children.        • JarrysKid         JarrysKid         March 25, 2011, 11:36 am | # | Reply          What they don’t mention is that Battleshire was felled, un-felled, and re-felled, and Byron was the only survivor both times.          • Caitlin           Caitlin           March 25, 2011, 4:29 pm | # | Reply            Byron: The last of the Battleshire Fell-owship.      • T       T       March 25, 2011, 7:51 am | # | Reply        Thx, fixed!        • Locke         Locke         March 27, 2011, 11:24 pm | # | Reply          “Fixed”? But, it was so important it warranted mentioning twice!    7. Bake     Bake     March 25, 2011, 2:44 am | # | Reply      no dagger?     comeongivemeafuckingbreak v_v    8. Devon     Devon     March 25, 2011, 2:47 am | # | Reply      Why are we here?      • Timelost       Timelost       March 25, 2011, 2:54 am | # | Reply        To check out the new update and then talk about it…that was easy.      • Caitlin       Caitlin       March 25, 2011, 7:22 am | # | Reply        If you’re looking for the answer to Life, the Universe, and Everything, I have it on good authority that it’s 42.        • Thom         Thom         March 25, 2011, 10:55 am | # | Reply          This is also the answer to a much older question:         “How much wood would a woodchuck chuck, if a woodchuck could chuck wood?”          • Meirnon           Meirnon           March 25, 2011, 11:35 am | # | Reply            How much hob could a hobgoblin goblin if a hobgoblin could goblin hob?            I can’t remember where I heard that…            • Rognik             Rognik             March 26, 2011, 11:15 pm | # | Reply              How much ground could a groundhog hog if a groundhog could hog ground?              Not quite as twisty as the original, though.          • Timelost           Timelost           March 25, 2011, 3:45 pm | # | Reply            I thought the answer was “A woodchuck would chuck all the wood that a woodchuck could chuck, if a woodchuck could chuck wood”.            • Thom             Thom             March 25, 2011, 4:56 pm | # | Reply              Nope, 42.              42 wood.            • ahdok             ahdok             March 27, 2011, 12:12 pm | # | Reply              if a woodchuck could chuck wood, and a woodchuck would chuck wood and a woodchuck should chuck wood, then you’ve invented an arbitrary situation where you may as well define the amount as well, the question itself has no meaning.              • Thom               Thom               March 28, 2011, 11:16 am | # | Reply                The desire to chuck is there, whether the ability is or not. Were ability to manifest, the amount of wood required to satiate the appetite is well documented.               In journals and stuff, from science places.    9. HLY     HLY     March 25, 2011, 3:43 am | # | Reply      yeah, I can’t see bandit leting us have a look at her past life, so I’m guessing thats why the dagger is missing      or, hopefully not, only PC’s get a ressurection…      • Zero       Zero       March 25, 2011, 6:41 am | # | Reply        if bandit turns out to be just a nobody, i will be a sad goose        • Naare         Naare         March 25, 2011, 10:45 am | # | Reply          I bet she’s a AI.          • SteelRaven           SteelRaven           March 25, 2011, 8:25 pm | # | Reply            They already stated it’s a actual universe they created for the game so Bandit exists/existed, just not in our realit        • Locke         Locke         March 26, 2011, 3:48 pm | # | Reply          I know, right, Zero? If she was just an NPC, then we’d never know what she was FIGHTING FOOOOOOOOOOR!!!    10. ahdok     ahdok     March 25, 2011, 4:46 am | # | Reply      Is this Erica’s artwork?      • umm       umm       March 25, 2011, 5:28 am | # | Reply        Not if you believe the bottom line, but I also like it very much.        BTW, the previous chapter / next chapter links are broken, possibly because chapters are sorted alphabetically (1, 10, 2, 3, …).        • Phil         Flo         March 25, 2011, 9:19 am | # | Reply          An unforeseen error! Fixed!          • ahdok           ahdok           March 25, 2011, 10:50 am | # | Reply            I hate comicpress.            Gotta learn it at some point though.      • Phil       Flo       March 25, 2011, 9:28 am | # | Reply        Nope, this one’s John!        • ahdok         ahdok         March 25, 2011, 10:45 am | # | Reply          Colour me impressed, it has the feel of Erica’s work all over it.          • Meirnon           Meirnon           March 25, 2011, 11:37 am | # | Reply            John uses much more dark, near-straight lines. Erica’s lines were smoother and not quite as dark or thick typically.            • ahdok             ahdok             March 25, 2011, 11:58 am | # | Reply              I have the impression that Erica’s lines were pretty thick, and John’s were hairline thin. I get this from cointinually making comparisons to my own stuff, I’d always think “Those lines are really thick” when looking at Erica’s strips, and “man, those lines are thin” when looking at John’s.              • Meirnon               Meirnon               March 27, 2011, 2:30 am | # | Reply                Lul, I see it as the other way around. Erica’s lines always seem wavy, like thick in the middle bot overall and consistently with a thin, light linework when it came to character shapes. John seems to use harder, thick, bold lines with a lot of volume in them. Both styles are great. Maybe it’s discrepancies in how we describe them? :P                • Meirnon                 Meirnon                 March 27, 2011, 2:35 am | # | Reply                  Ok supporting my feelings: Look at Chapter 4 Page 1. The lines are “thick”, but overall they are light and thinned. That’s what I feel is Erica’s.                  Next look at Chapter 9 Page 5. John’s lines definitely seem to have more thickness and weight on them.                  • ahdok                   ahdok                   March 27, 2011, 12:19 pm | # | Reply                    I think even the pages you’ve picked out suggest that Erica draws quite weighty lines compared to John, the level of detail in John’s images is very high, which you can only do with narrow lines.                    Try comparing these with these.                    • Meirnon                     Meirnon                     March 28, 2011, 12:23 am | # | Reply                      It still feels like Erica’s lines have less weight on them, however you want to interpret that. John’s definitely seem heavier and thicker, but hey, that’s just me. Shrug.          • John           John           March 25, 2011, 1:04 pm | # | Reply            Thank you. I’ve been trying to loosen up my style. When I finished this cover, I thought myself it almost looked like something Erica could have done.            • NobodySpecial             NobodySpecial             March 25, 2011, 4:11 pm | # | Reply              Nice cover. Shades of Jack Kirby to my old eyes.    11. ahdok     ahdok     March 25, 2011, 5:30 am | # | Reply      On Monday I’m going to refresh my browser for the update.      Today’s page is cached.      • Phil       Flo       March 25, 2011, 9:29 am | # | Reply        I see what you did there.    12. Naare     Naare     March 25, 2011, 10:43 am | # | Reply      Nice cover =)    13. Thom     Thom     March 25, 2011, 2:16 pm | # | Reply      That’s two in a row for Brayen, well done! And quite the smug expression for it. So emotive – I mean, just look at this: http://thnikkalemur.deviantart.com/art/Smug-Brayen-202275308      *swoon*    14. Geigan     Geigan     March 25, 2011, 3:59 pm | # | Reply      I think we got the party arsenal covered.    15. SteelRaven     SteelRaven     March 25, 2011, 8:28 pm | # | Reply      Byron; “Why are my Axes covered in blo… oh yeah… my bad.”      • Caitlin       Caitlin       March 26, 2011, 1:32 am | # | Reply        Bandit: “Yeah, thanks boss. And you wonder why I didn’t put my knives down in the pile of weapons.”    16. Hawk     Hawk     March 26, 2011, 9:57 am | # | Reply      Hurrah, weapons! Hurrah, (implied) party rez! Hurrah, new chapter!     I’m kinda glad there will be a weekend in here. Much as I will miss comments for the weekend, I can’t read very well just now, so I’ll just have to catch up.     (For those wondering wtf: I have a scratched cornea.)      • Radar       Radar       March 26, 2011, 11:15 am | # | Reply        So much for your nick name of hawk eye.        On a completely unrelated note…is there a way to see the alt text when growing on an iTouch? If not maybe make it the first comment from now on?        kthnxbai!!!!!!!!!111111111111111eleven  Comment ¬ Cancel reply  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *  NOTE - You can use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong>    Guilded Age is co-written by T Campbell & Flo Kahn, and illustrated by John Waltrip. Site design by Samantha Kyle. Fonts by Blambot.com. Stay up to date with Facebook or Google+, or use our RSS Feed! Privacy Policy Guilded Age does not claim ownership of any of the corporate branding that appears in this comic, nor does it claim any affiliation, partnership, or endorsement of any kind. They are used strictly as an artistic choice for the set dressing of the comic.
__label__cc   • Current News   • About   • Visitors   • Contact Us   • Sermons   • Calendar   • Online Giving   • VBS Registration Hagerstown Church of Christ  A Body of Believers in Hagerstown, MD  2023-10-22 An Eye For An Eye  Leave a Reply Cancel reply  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *  Search  Quick Info  Hagerstown Church of Christ 19644 Leitersburg Pike Hagerstown, MD 21742 (301) 739-4651 hagerstownccsecretary@gmail.com  Copyright © 2026 Hagerstown Church of Christ.  Omega WordPress Theme by ThemeHall
__label__cc Skip to content   • Cleaning   • DIY & Crafts   • Gardening   • Home Decor   • Organization   • Tips & Tricks  Handy Home Tips  Decorating, Crafts & DIY, Cleaning, Gardening and more.  Lawn Sprinkler  Lawn Sprinkler  Share this... Share on facebook Facebook Share on pinterest Pinterest Share on twitter Twitter  Leave a Reply Cancel reply  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *  six + 16 =  Popular Posts   • Melted Snowman Oreo Balls17 Easy Christmas Cookie Recipes   • 100+ Creative Christmas Ideas100+ Creative Christmas Ideas   • 30+ Awesome DIY Halloween Decorations to Make This Year30+ Awesome DIY Halloween Decorations to Make This Year   • 15 Easy Halloween Cookie Recipes to Try This Year15 Easy Halloween Cookie Recipes to Try This Year   • 15 Chic DIY Burlap Projects15 Chic DIY Burlap Projects   • 15 Home Decor Hacks To Upgrade Your Space15 Home Decor Hacks To Upgrade Your Space   • Mummy Luminaries20 Easy & Awesome Homemade Halloween Decorations   • 5 Ways to Use Cinnamon in the Garden5 Ways to Use Cinnamon in the Garden   • 20 Dollar Store Halloween Decor Ideas20 Dollar Store Halloween Decor Ideas   • Under The Bed Storage15 Cool Things to Make From Old Drawers  Copyright © 2026 Handy Home Tips. All Rights Reserved.  Boston Theme by FameThemes
__label__cc  Skip to content Haryana Khabri   • Home   • Latest Jobs   • Offline Form   • Central Jobs   • Qualification Wise Job     • 10th Pass Jobs     • 12th Pass Jobs     • Graduate Pass Jobs   • More Page     • Privacy Policy     • Disclaimer     • Contact us     • About Us     • Terms and Conditions  Haryana Mid Day Meal Cook Bharti  Haryana Mid Day Meal Worker Bharti – मिड डे कुक मिल भर्ती  October 25, 2025November 17, 2024 by Vikash Sangwan  Haryana Mid Day Meal Worker Bharti 2025 – Posts Notification Released Important Information :- Haryana Mid Day Meal Worker Bharti : Haryana Education Department is Informed or Notify you that Application have been sought for MDM (Mid Day Meal) Worker Cook posts 2025. The Application Starting Date for all Eligible Candidates is 22 October 2025. The last … Read more  Categories 10th Pass Jobs, Offline Form, Uncategorized Tags Haryana Mid Day Meal Cook Bharti, Haryana Mid Day Meal Cook Bharti 2025, Haryana Mid Day Meal Worker Bharti, Haryana Mid Day Meal Worker Bharti 2025, Haryana Mid Day Meal Worker Vacancy Leave a comment  Recent Posts    • MP Forest Guard, Field Guard, Jail Prahari, and AJS Recruitment 2026   • DSSSB Advt 02/2026 Apply Online Start   • RBI Assistant Recruitment 2026   • Palwal Court Recruitment 2026   • DSSSB Advt 01/2026 Notification and Online Form   • SCDRC Chandigarh Clerk Steno Recruitment 2026   • Airforce School Ambala Vacancy 2026   • Haryana Census Department Vacancy 2026   • Army DG EME Ambala Recruitment 2026   • Charkhi Dadri Census Department Vacancy 2026  Important Link    • Privacy Policy   • Disclaimer   • Contact us   • Refund Policy   • About Us   • Terms and Conditions  Contact US  Contact US Vikash Address:- VPO Jhojhu kalan 71, District Charkhi Dadri, Haryana, PIN 127310 Contact No:- 9499395567, Email:- [email protected]  © 2026 Haryana Khabri • Built with GeneratePress
__label__cc 瑞安市合创机械制造有限公司   • 简体中文   • English   • Home   • About Us     • Company Introduction     • Honorary Certificate     • Contact Us   • Products     • Slitter Series     • Multifunction Fit Slitter     • Cutting Machine Series     • Cross Cutting Machine Series   • News     • Company news     • Industry news     • Q&A   • Videos   • Contact Us PRODUCTS产品 All / Slitter Series / Multifunction Fit Slitter High speed slitting machine    Fully automatic high-speed slitting machine    Four axis conversion slitting machine    Surface Coiling Slitting Machine    More than ten years of professional production and independent research and development of cutting machine Because of focus so professional "Always put quality first so that our customers are assured"   • Exclusive custom      Can be designed and customized according to customer products      Custom hotline：13566153868   • Strength thick      More than 10 years of professional production experience      Developed a variety of machinery    • Quality assurance      The automation process is relatively high      Well received by domestic customers    • Superb technology      Improve advanced production equipment      Have a professional management team  公司简介 ABOUT 关于  Ruian Hechuang Machinery Manufacturing Co., Ltd. is a professional production and independent research and development of high-precision die cutting machine, scutters, crosscutting machine, laminating machine (laminating machine) and other mechanical equipment manufacturing private enterprises. The company has excellent manufacturing equipment, strong technical force, perfect quality management and after-sales service. The company takes the product quality as the foundation, the customer benefit first, wins the majority of users' trust and the high praise, the product sells at home and abroad.   The company adopts foreign advanced technology manufacturing, after more than ten years of transformation and innovation, self-developed various models and customized various difficult multi-purpose models. Co-creation enterprises bring users not only products, but also service and professional technology.   In the fierce competition in the market, always adhere to the "scientific and technological innovation, customer first" for the business purpose, to provide customers at home and abroad more perfect, better service. Enable customers and us to open a win-win situation.   More NEWS 新闻 04-062022Exhibition from October 18th to October 20th, 2020  More 10-24 2017 A brief introduction of servo control system of high speed slitting machine 06-13 2017 Composition of film slitting machine 11-16 2017 Maintenance of crosscutting machine 04-06 2022 Exhibition from October 18th to October 20th, 2020 CONTACTS 联系  RUIAN LOYAL MACHINERY CO., LTD  Address：Zhejiang province rui-an city Dongshan Economic Development Zone  Dongguan office address：Dongguan step Lao town industrial zone  Contact：Mr.Wei  Tel：13566153868  Tel：0577-65138711  ZipCode：325200  Fax：0577-65138712  Email：wgx185@163.com  Website：http://www.hechuangjx.com      Can't be empty Can't be empty Can't be empty Can't be empty Can't be empty Home Products Workshop About Us News Contact 简体中文 English
__label__cc Skip to content   • Home   • Technology News  highcholesterolfoods.net    • Technology News  Google Photos Magic Editor: Fixes for Editing Issues  adminApril 4, 20250  Google Photos Magic Editor is a powerful tool designed to elevate your photo editing experience, allowing users to effortlessly enhance their pictures with just a few taps. Recently, many users encountered various Magic Editor issues when trying to edit photos or save edits within the platform. In response to these concerns, Google has announced a vital Magic Editor update that addresses these problems, ensuring that you can edit and save your masterpieces without a hitch. As avid photographers seek creative ways to perfect their images, Google’s commitment to fixing these difficulties shows their dedication to user satisfaction. Remember, whether you’re fine-tuning a sunset or brightening a portrait, the right tools are essential for achieving stunning results in your photo editing journey with Google Photos.  The Google Photos Magic Editor facilitates effortless enhancements for your images, making it popular among both casual users and photography enthusiasts alike. Recently, users reported facing hurdles while attempting to edit and finalize their pictures, prompting a swift update from Google to resolve these editing complications. With this new update, individuals can confidently undertake their photo enhancement tasks, knowing that any past issues related to saving edits have been directly addressed. This innovative feature not only streamlines the photo editing process but also empowers users to fully express their creative vision. If you’ve been exploring ways to improve your pictures, this remarkable tool offers a seamless way to transform your images into captivating visual stories.  Understanding Magic Editor Issues in Google Photos  Many users of Google Photos have experienced challenges with the Magic Editor tool, particularly regarding issues related to editing and saving photos. These problems can lead to frustration, especially for users who rely on the tool to enhance their images for personal or professional use. Understanding the common issues users face, such as difficulties in saving edits or encountering unresponsive features, is essential for both users and developers to enhance the experiences of photo editing.  When users find that their edits made with Magic Editor are not saving as expected, it creates a barrier to creativity. Issues can arise from app updates, bugs, or even connectivity problems. Thankfully, Google recognized these Magic Editor issues, leading them to release a patch intended to rectify the saving and editing problems. By staying updated on changes and fixes in the Google Photos app, users can effectively troubleshoot their editing dilemmas and better optimize their photo enhancement experience.  How to Fix Google Photos Magic Editor Problems  If you encounter issues while using the Magic Editor in Google Photos, there are a few steps you can take to troubleshoot and resolve the problem. Initially, ensure that your Google Photos app is updated to the latest version, as updates often contain crucial patches and improvements for existing issues. An application that isn’t updated might result in persistent glitching or failure in features like saving edits. Clearing your app’s cache and checking your internet connection can also help resolve any temporary glitches.  If problems persist after following these basic troubleshooting tips, consider reaching out to Google’s support team or visiting the Google Photos community forums. They can offer specific advice and updates on any widespread outages or technical difficulties users may be experiencing. Keeping an eye out for announcements regarding patch updates related to Magic Editor issues will also guide you toward ensuring a smoother editing process moving forward.  Saving Edits in Google Photos Magic Editor  One of the critical functionalities in Google Photos’ Magic Editor is the ability to save your edits smoothly. Numerous users have experienced glitches that hinder the saving of their edited photos, which can be quite frustrating. It is critical to follow the app’s saving protocols properly. Always ensure your changes are confirmed before attempting to exit the editing tool, as this may lead to unintentional losses of your hard work. Moreover, adhering to the suggested save formats and image sizes can prevent any complications.  Google has emphasized its commitment to improving user experiences with Magic Editor, and reports of successful saving after the issues were fixed suggest that the recent updates might be effective. Users should take advantage of this fix and feel free to share their experiences, which can help in enhancing the tool further. Users are encouraged to update their apps regularly and back up important photos before significant edits, ensuring no loss of work occurs during the editing or saving process.  The Role of User Feedback in Google Photos Magic Editor Updates  User feedback is invaluable in shaping the development and updates of features like Magic Editor within Google Photos. Google actively monitors comments and reports from users to identify prevalent issues and areas requiring attention. By reporting problems encountered during the editing process, such as difficulties with saving or executing specific functions, users contribute to a collective effort to ensure continuous enhancement of the tool’s capabilities.  Such collaboration helps Google prioritize issues effectively, allowing it to roll out timely fixes and improvements. The feedback loop not only fosters better relationships between users and developers but also motivates Google to refine and expand the Magic Editor features, catering specifically to user preferences and common challenges, thereby enhancing overall satisfaction with the Google Photos platform.  Recent Updates on Google Photos Magic Editor Features  Google’s dedication to enriching the photo editing capabilities of Magic Editor has recently led to a series of updates aimed at enhancing user experience. Notably, following reports of unresolved issues with saving edited photos, the development team has implemented significant patches addressing these concerns. This indicates not only a commitment to superior user experience but also responsiveness to feedback from the community, underscoring the importance of users’ opinions in elevating the functionality of the tool.  By keeping abreast of these updates, users can fully leverage the enhancements made to Magic Editor, ensuring their photo editing processes are as seamless and intuitive as possible. Additionally, users are encouraged to engage with Google regarding any issues or suggestions, fostering an environment where continued innovation in photo editing features thrives.  Best Practices for Editing Photos Using Magic Editor  Editing photos with Google Photos’ Magic Editor can significantly enhance your images when done effectively. To maximize the tool’s potential, users should familiarize themselves with its functionalities and features. This includes understanding how to navigate the editing tools, applying filters, adjusting lighting, and utilizing cropping options. Engaging with tutorials or community tips can also provide insights into best practices when using Magic Editor.  Moreover, it’s beneficial to experiment with various settings before finalizing edits. Users can first apply edits to a copy of their photo to preserve the original image, which allows for a risk-free editing experience. After becoming comfortable with the editing tools and features, users can elevate their photo editing skills, creating visually stunning images suited for sharing and preserving.  Importance of Regular Updates for Google Photos Users  Regular updates in applications like Google Photos are crucial for maintaining optimal functionality and security. Users benefit from the latest features and bug fixes, which can enhance their overall experience with tools like Magic Editor. Each update comes with the potential for improved editing experiences, including refined user interfaces and enhanced saving capabilities.  Additionally, updates often contain responses to user feedback, addressing specific issues like those experienced with Magic Editor. By maintaining an updated version of the app, users ensure they are equipped with the latest features and fixes, ultimately enhancing their photo editing effectiveness. Engaging with update notes and forums can provide users insight into the best practices for utilizing new features as they emerge.  Community Engagement in Google Photos  Community engagement plays a pivotal role in evolving applications like Google Photos. Users are encouraged to share their experiences, challenges, and suggestions regarding tools like Magic Editor through forums and social media platforms. This collaborative feedback is crucial for identifying persistent issues and fostering a helpful environment where users can learn from others’ insights and solutions.  As users actively participate in community discussions, Google can gather data on common themes and requests, ultimately influencing future updates and enhancements. This engagement not only empowers users to assist in the development of Magic Editor but also strengthens the community as a support system for troubleshooting and sharing tips.  Exploring Creative Uses for Magic Editor in Google Photos  Magic Editor offers a plethora of creative opportunities for users looking to enhance their photography skills. Beyond basic edits, users can leverage Magic Editor for intricate photo manipulations such as altering backgrounds, enhancing textures, or applying artistic filters to convey different moods. Such capabilities allow users to transform ordinary images into captivating visuals suitable for various uses, including social media, personal albums, or professional presentations.  Exploring creative uses for Magic Editor can also inspire users to experiment more with their image edits, helping them discover their unique style. As more users push the boundaries of the tool’s capabilities, the community can share inspiring edits that motivate innovation in photography. This collective creativity is what makes tools like Magic Editor not just functional but also a means of artistic expression.  Frequently Asked Questions  What should I do if I encounter Magic Editor issues in Google Photos?  If you experience any Magic Editor issues in Google Photos, ensure that your app is updated to the latest version. Google has implemented a fix for common inconvenience such as difficulties in saving edits, so check for updates and try saving your edits again.  How can I fix saving edits in Google Photos Magic Editor?  To fix saving issues in Google Photos Magic Editor, start by checking if the app is updated to the most recent version. If you’re still having trouble saving your edits, try restarting the app or clearing the app’s cache. These steps often resolve saving issues.  Are there any recent updates related to the Google Photos Magic Editor?  Recently, Google announced a fix for issues related to the Magic Editor in Google Photos, particularly around saving edits. We recommend checking any announcements in the Photos community group for the latest updates and feature enhancements.  How do I ensure my edits are saved correctly in Google Photos Magic Editor?  To ensure your edits are saved correctly in Google Photos Magic Editor, after making your adjustments, look for the ‘Save’ option prominently displayed. Additionally, keep your app updated to the latest version to avoid any bugs that could affect saving your edits.  What features does Google Photos Magic Editor offer for editing photos?  Google Photos Magic Editor provides users with robust features for editing photos, like automatic enhancements, background adjustments, and tool for removing unwanted objects. Utilizing these features can significantly improve the look of your images.  Why can’t I save my edits in Google Photos Magic Editor?  If you’re unable to save your edits in Google Photos Magic Editor, it may be due to an outdated app or a temporary bug. Google has recently issued a fix for these issues, so ensure your app is updated and restart it to see if that resolves the problem.  How does Google Photos Magic Editor compare to other photo editing apps?  Google Photos Magic Editor stands out with its seamless integration into the Google Photos ecosystem, making it easy to edit and save your photos alongside all your stored images. While other apps may offer advanced features, Magic Editor focuses on user-friendly enhancements ideal for quick edits.  How can I provide feedback on issues with Google Photos Magic Editor?  If you have feedback or encounter issues with Google Photos Magic Editor, you can share your experience directly in the Google Photos community or through the app’s feedback feature, which allows you to report specific problems and suggest improvements.  Key Point Details Issue Reported Users faced problems with editing and saving photos using Magic Editor. Announcement Google announced a fix for the issues in the Photos community group. Specific Problem No specific details of the issues were provided by Google. User Feedback Users are encouraged to report any issues with Magic Editor. Future Improvements Google aims to enhance Magic Editor and values user feedback.  Summary  Google Photos Magic Editor now has a fix that allows users to edit and save their photos without encountering issues. This recent update is a significant step in ensuring that users can seamlessly enhance their images. If you’ve faced any challenges previously, you are encouraged to provide feedback as it helps in further improving the Magic Editor. The team at Google is committed to making this tool even more reliable and powerful, so your insights are invaluable to this process.  Tagged: editing photos Google Photos fix Google Photos Magic Editor Magic Editor issues Magic Editor update save edits Google Photos  admin  Post navigation  Previous Post: Google Messages Group Chat Upgrades Are Coming Soon Next Post: Google Pixel Weather Widget Issue: Users Report Bugs Proudly powered by WordPress | Theme : News Blog Kit by BlazeThemes hacklink al organik hit slogan bahisdeposit 5kgrandpashabetgrandpashabetgrandpashabetbetasuscratosroyalbetholiganbet
__label__cc Highs Near San Bernardino Highs Near San Bernardino ENTER(Our Main Website)  Highs Near San Bernardino (Genie Air Conditioning and Heating, Inc.) is one of the Largest Wholesale Distributors of AC mini split units in the United States. Looking for quality Air Conditioner units nearby? Contact us for a wide variety of heat pump, mini splits, room air conditioners, window air conditioners, PTAC, wall air conditioners, indoor and outdoor a/c units, and heating and cooling accessories for your AC needs. Wholesale Distributors is accomplished by our great buying power!  We are one of the largest wholesale distributors of air conditioner and heat pump ac mini split systems in the United States. Contact us for a wide variety of climate control systems. We carry top brands such as: Genie Aire, LG, Midea, Cooper and Hunter, Alice, Sophia, OLMO, Victoria, Frigidaire, Samsung, Soleus, Amana, Arctic King, General Electric, Emerson, and so many more. Highs Near San Bernardino.   15041 Calvert Street • Van Nuys, CA 91411 (818) 785-4151 We Cover Thousands of Cities Throughout The United States! Genie Air Highs Near San Bernardino"One of the largest Wholesale Distributor's in the United States!" Arleta Canoga Park Chatsworth Encino Granada Hills Lake Balboa Lake View Terrace Mission Hills North Hills North Hollywood Northridge Pacoima Panorama City Porter Ranch Reseda Sherman Oaks Studio City Sun Valley Sunland Tujunga Sylmar Tarzana Toluca Valley Glen Valley Village Van Nuys West Hills Winnetka Woodland Hills Los Angeles Long Beach Santa Clarita Glendale Palmdale Lancaster Torrance Pomona Pasadena Burbank Downey Inglewood El Monte West Covina Norwalk Carson Compton Santa Monica Bellflower Redondo Beach Baldwin Park Arcadia Rosemead Cerritos Rancho Palos Verdes Culver City Bell Gardens Claremont Manhattan Beach West Hollywood Temple City Beverly Hills Lawndale Maywood San Fernando Cudahy Duarte La Canada Flintridge Lomita Hermosa Beach Agoura Hills El Segundo Artesia Hawaiian Gardens San Marino Palos Verdes Estates Commerce Malibu San Bernardino Altadena Azusa City of Industry Glendora Hacienda Heights Fullerton Escondido Whittier Santa Rosa Santa Maria Modesto Garden Grove Brentwood Near Me Motel PTACs Hotel PTACs Packaged Terminal Air Conditioners Packaged Air Conditioners Packaged Heat Pump Packaged Air Conditioning Packaged Gas Electric Air Conditioning Heaters Furnaces Air Conditioners Air Conditioning AC Units Air Conditioner Units HVAC Mini Splits Mini Splits Heat Pump Mini Splits Mini Split Heat Pumps Heat Pumps Swamp Coolers Dehumidifiers Systems High Efficiency Reconditioned Energy Saving Through Wall Through the Wall Wall Mounted Low Profile Commercial Residential Wall Mount Wall Apartment Efficient Multizone Multiroom Room Dual Zone Multi Zone Single Zone Ductless Electric Builders Infrared Ventless Window Slide Out Slimline Thruwall Vertical Portable Outdoor Indoor Bedroom Central Radiant Rooftop Vented Ducted Ductless Remanufactured Comfort Star Genie Aire Cooper and Hunter CH Genie Remote Controls Transformers Refrigerants Thermostats Compressors Accessories Condensers Capacitors Appliances Inverters Supplies Brackets Switches Cassettes Filters Sleeves Linesets Remotes Tools Coils Freon Knobs Heat Strips Manufacturers Distributors Wholesalers Liquidators Warranties Equipment Closeouts Discounts Financing Suppliers Warehouse Specials Products Supplies Dealers Ratings Rebates Surplus Parts Sales Repair Service Installation For Homes For Hotels For Apartments
__label__cc Back to eurohandball.com KH Kosovo Vushtrri «Go back CLUB INFO  KH Kosovo Vushtrri Sheshi "Nena Tereze" Nr. 40/4 42000 Vushtrri Kosovo  Geolocation Location  tel+377-44-176163 tel+377-44-411831 tel+377-44-250950 fax+381-28-570118 mailkhkosova-vushtrri@hotmail.com homewww.kosovahandball.com EHF Cup 2005/06 Participation ► ROUND 1 KH Kosovo Vushtrri vs DHW Antwerpen 0 : 10 (0 : 0) DHW Antwerpen vs KH Kosovo Vushtrri 10 : 0 (0 : 0) click on the lines & headers for more information EHF Club Competition History Challenge Cup 2014-15 - Round 3 ▼ MATCHES ► ROUND 3 KHF Kosova vs RK Zelina 20 : 45 (10 : 22) RK Zelina vs KHF Kosova 46 : 17 (23 : 7) EHF Cup 2009-10 - Round 1 ▼ MATCHES ► ROUND 1 KH Kosova vs HK "Lokomotiv" Varna 25 : 36 (11 : 18) HK "Lokomotiv" Varna vs KH Kosova 32 : 21 (18 : 11) EHF Cup 2008-09 - Round 1 ▼ MATCHES ► ROUND 1 DHW Antwerpen vs KH Kosova 32 : 19 (19 : 5) KH Kosova vs DHW Antwerpen 20 : 27 (10 : 16) Cup Winners' Cup 2007-08 - Round 3 ▼ MATCHES ► ROUND 3 KH Kosovo Vushtrri vs KIF Vejen 17 : 40 (7 : 20) KIF Vejen vs KH Kosovo Vushtrri 41 : 6 (18 : 2) ► ROUND 2 KH Kosovo Vushtrri vs Bnei Herzliya 22 : 21 (11 : 11) Bnei Herzliya vs KH Kosovo Vushtrri 30 : 32 (16 : 14) Cup Winners' Cup 2006-07 - Round 2 ▼ MATCHES ► ROUND 2 ZRK Tvin Trgocentar, Virovitica vs KH Kosovo Vushtrri 49 : 23 (23 : 10) KH Kosovo Vushtrri vs ZRK Tvin Trgocentar, Virovitica 18 : 39 (8 : 19) click on the lines & headers for more information FORMER CLUB NAMES 2014/15 - KHF Kosova 2009/10 - KH Kosova 2007/08 - KH Kosovo Vushtrri 2005-06 Team Gagica Nazlije (KOS) KOS Hyseni Lumnije (KOS) KOS Kertoku Shqipe (KOS) KOS Kqiku Arijana (KOS) KOS Krasniqi Teuta (KOS) KOS Latifi Ferdane (KOS) KOS Mehmeti Lumturije (KOS) KOS Mehmeti Sala (KOS) KOS Muhaxeri Lirie (KOS) KOS Ramadani Fatmire (KOS) KOS Rifati Safete (KOS) KOS Terpeza Blerta (KOS) KOS click on the names for more information Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Imprint  Software & Design by EOS Data Contents © 1994-2026 European Handball Federation
__label__cc HousekeepingHelp.com  Home Contact Us Ad from ShareaSale.com  Housekeeper Needed, MWF 12-6pm every week some cooking  Join Today to Apply for this Job or to View countless others  Housekeepers - Post an Ad FREE  Join Today for Access to Contact Information or to Post Your Job  Families - Place a Housekeeper Needed Ad    Contact Please visit the Florida Housekeeper Jobs on HousekeepingHelp.com to view the complete Contact Information for this Position. Location Dania Beach, Florida Ad Placed On 11 Feb 2011 Job ID # 7886   Job Description   Housekeeper Needed, MWF 12-6pm every week some cooking - Need housekeeper MWF 12-6pm. $10/hr. Some light cooking. Dania Beach, Florida.     Alabama Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Washington, DC Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming  Home  |   Contact Us Copyright © 2009 - 2012   All rights reserved. Free Sitemap Generator
__label__cc CHS Class of 1962  Intro | Index | Slideshow  QuickView • Large • Details  < Prev  Next >  Click to go back  Rebecca Eubanks    Generated by Shozam
__label__cc CHS Class of 1967  Intro | Index | Slideshow  QuickView • Large  • Details   < Prev  Next >  Click for large image  Details all  fowler_patricia_hollingsworth-obit.jpg  Patricia Ann Hollingsworth Fowler  Patricia Ann Fowler December 13, 1948 - December 28, 2023  Mrs. Patricia Ann Fowler, 75, of Buena Vista, Tennessee passed away Thursday, December 28, 2023 at Jackson Madison County General Hospital. Funeral services will be conducted on Sunday, December 31, 2023, at 1:00 P.M.in the Chapel of Chase Funeral Home with Bro. Wesley Grooms officiating. Interment will follow in McAuley Cemetery. Pallbearers who will serve are Bruce Hilliard, Brian Ettensohn, Tony Pinson, Kenny Dale Fowler, James Selph, Terry Hollingsworth. The family will receive friends in the Oakwood Room of Chase Funeral Home on Saturday from 4:00 P.M. until 7:00 P.M. and on Sunday from 11:00 A.M until time of service.  Mrs. Fowler was born December 13, 1948 in Carroll County, Tennessee to the late Noah Hollingsworth and Vivian (Butler) Hollingsworth. She was also preceded in death by ten brothers and sisters.  She is survived by her husband of fifty-seven years, Ronnie Fowler, a daughter, Tracie Ettensohn (Brian) of Henderson, Kentucky, a son, Steven Fowler (Brandi) of Buena Vista, two sisters, Pansy Lawton (Fred) and Charlotte Taylor both of Bruceton, five grandchildren, Evan Ettensohn, Adrian Ettensohn, Kayla Fowler, Wyatt Fowler and Garrett Fowler, a step grandson, Hayden Hicks, and two great-grandchildren. [Source: Chase Funeral Home]  Generated by Shozam
__label__cc     Home   |    All Gloves    |     FireFighter    |    Rescue&Extrication    |   Oll&Gas    |    Gloves    |    Mechanics    |    Working    |    Sports    |    Dressing    3692   Rescue& Extrication    RELATED ITEMS   3963BK   3359   2370P   7908   7907D   7905D   79316   3357      Down town office   Address:Suite 1002, No.6,3611 Zhang Yang Road,   Pu Dong New Area, Shanghai��China   Zip Code:200136   TEl:86-21-60756166   FAX:86-21-60756165    Show room   Address:Room1810, Int'l Trade Bldg.,No.118,   Xin Ling Road,   Wai Gao Qiao Free Trade Zone,Shanghai, China   Zip Code:200131   FAX:0086-21-50461032    Factory   Address:85 East Shenzhen Road,Economic Development   Zone of Huaian, Jiangsu��China   E-mail: hygloves@hygloves.com   Mobile:13386059021   Homepage:www.hygloves.com   Copyright@2012 hygloves.com Interenet Search. All Rights Reserved. ��ICP��14054638��-1 һ�����ף�Ψһ�ٷ���վ
__label__cc Index of /storage/289   NameLast modifiedSizeDescription  Parent Directory   -    image 2024-07-07 20:00 303K 
__label__cc Redirect Notice  The previous page is sending you to http://pensiuneacoral.ro/fr.php?cid=30&kys=robe%20transparente%20paillet%C3%A9e&g=9.   If you do not want to visit that page, you can return to the previous page.
__label__cc Redirect Notice  The previous page is sending you to http://khodadep14.blogspot.com/.   If you do not want to visit that page, you can return to the previous page.
__label__cc Redirect Notice  The previous page is sending you to https://gloe.in/.   If you do not want to visit that page, you can return to the previous page.
__label__cc Redirect Notice  The previous page is sending you to https://suanhatphcm.salekit.com/sua-nha-quan-7.html.   If you do not want to visit that page, you can return to the previous page.
__label__cc   • Welcome to The Forge Archives.   • Log in  The Forge Archives  The Internet Home for Independent Role-Playing Games About • Articles • Forum • Reviews March 05, 2026, 08:18:58 AM  News:  Forum changes: Editing of posts has been turned off until further notice.  Main Menu Main Menu   • Home   • The Forge Archives  Warning!  Only registered members are allowed to access this section. Please login below.  Log in  Username: Password: Time to stay logged in:    • Help | Terms and Rules | Go Up ▲   • SMF 2.1.4 © 2023, Simple Machines
__label__cc Top Posts Schoonmaakbedrijf Amsterdam: voorbeelden van succesvolle projecten Why Eviana Spa is the Best Spa in... Exploring NYC’s Stand-Up Comedy Nights Scene Home Remodeling Strategies for Increasing Property Value Navigating the PE Endorsement Process in Singapore The Benefits of Vinyasa Flow at Your Local... Creating a Culture That Encourages Integrity and Trust The Ultimate Guide to Eyeliner Tattoos in Vancouver Transform Your Look with Micro Hair Extensions The Importance of Choosing Reliable Roller Door Suppliers... Instant Bulletins   • Home   • Automotive   • Business   • E-commerce   • E-learning   • Fashion   • Hobbies   • Technology   • Listings   • Contact Us Engineering  The Role of Chemical Engineers in Sustainable Manufacturing  by instantbulletins.com 7 December 2023 by instantbulletins.com 7 December 2023 0 comment  Chemical engineers play a crucial role in sustainable manufacturing, as they are responsible for developing and implementing processes that minimize environmental impact and maximize resource efficiency. With their expertise, they help industries reduce waste, conserve energy, and make sustainable choices in their manufacturing practices.  One of the key responsibilities of chemical engineers in sustainable manufacturing is to design and optimize processes that minimize emissions and waste generation. They use their knowledge of chemistry, thermodynamics, and reaction engineering to develop innovative techniques that reduce the amount of pollutants released into the environment. For example, they may develop catalysts that increase reaction efficiency and decrease the production of harmful by-products. By implementing these processes, chemical engineers contribute to reducing air and water pollution, protecting ecosystems, and preserving natural resources.  Additionally, chemical engineers play a significant role in developing sustainable materials and products. With their knowledge of materials science, they work towards finding alternatives to non-renewable resources and developing eco-friendly materials. They design manufacturing processes that incorporate recycled or bio-based materials, reducing the reliance on fossil fuels and minimizing the carbon footprint of products. This involves understanding the life cycle of materials, from extraction or synthesis to disposal, and finding ways to make each stage environmentally friendly. By incorporating sustainability into material development, chemical engineers help industries manufacture products that are environmentally responsible and meet consumer demand for sustainable options.  Energy efficiency is another key area where chemical engineers contribute to sustainable manufacturing. They optimize energy usage in manufacturing processes by improving heat transfer, implementing waste heat recovery systems, and using renewable energy sources. By analyzing and understanding the energy requirements of different processes, they can identify areas for improvement and implement strategies that reduce energy consumption. This not only decreases the carbon emissions associated with manufacturing but also leads to cost savings for the industry.  In addition to process optimization, chemical engineers also play a crucial role in ensuring regulatory compliance. They are knowledgeable about environmental regulations and work closely with regulatory bodies to ensure that manufacturing processes are in line with environmental standards. They help industries navigate complex regulations and implement necessary controls and technologies to meet compliance requirements.  In conclusion, chemical engineers have a vital role to play in sustainable manufacturing. Through their expertise in developing environmentally friendly processes, materials, and energy-efficient strategies, they help industries reduce their environmental impact, conserve resources, and meet sustainability goals. By collaborating with other professionals and regulatory bodies, chemical engineers play a pivotal role in driving sustainable manufacturing practices and contributing to a more sustainable future.  0 comment 0 FacebookTwitterPinterestEmail instantbulletins.com  previous post Advancements in Self-Driving Cars: How Autonomous Vehicles are Revolutionizing the Automotive Industry next post The Best Personalized Gifts for Your Loved Ones  You may also like  Innovative Technologies in Mechanical Engineering: From Robotics to...  5 February 2025  The Future of Renewable Energy: Trends and Innovations...  23 January 2025  Advancements in Renewable Energy Technologies  21 November 2024  10 Must-Have Tools for Every Engineer  31 July 2024  The impact of globalization on the field of...  10 July 2024  The significance of data analytics in engineering decision-making  4 July 2024  The Role of Engineers in Disaster Response and...  1 July 2024  The rise of smart cities and the role...  23 April 2024  How Electrical and Computer Engineering are Driving IoT...  18 April 2024  The importance of ethics in engineering  18 April 2024  Most Popular    • 1      Environmental Engineering for Sustainable Development      14 June 2023   • 2      The advantages of outsourcing your printing needs to a professional service      7 April 2024   • 3      라이브 스포츠 베팅의 장단점      8 August 2024   • 4      Must-Try Coastal Activities for Caravan Owners      18 May 2025   • 5      Playground safety tips for parents      11 March 2024   • 6      Tips for introducing a new pet to the family      15 July 2024   • 7      예술과 건강의 연관성에 대한 논의      2 June 2025   • 8      The impact of technology on the music industry      12 May 2024   • 9      ストレス解消法：リラクゼーションテクニックの効果的な使い方      22 January 2024   • 10      Discover the Best Hair Services at 24Beauty Home Salon in Dubai      8 September 2025  Recent posts    • 1      Understanding HGC 寬頻: A Comprehensive Review of its Services      24 October 2023   • 2      전통 한복으로 인테리어하는 한식 레스토랑 탐방      16 November 2023   • 3      Environmental Engineering for Sustainable Development      14 June 2023   • 4      From Storyboarding to Final Render: A Step-by-Step Guide to the 3D Animation Pipeline      30 July 2023   • 5      การเลือกวัสดุทาสีทาบ้านที่คุณควรรู้      3 November 2024   • 6      Understanding Farm Fencing Regulations and Permits      11 August 2023   • 7      Gambling Responsibly: Best Practices to Enjoy Safe and Secure Betting on 메이저놀이터      19 October 2023   • 8      スポーツオンラインカジノのトーナメントイベントに参加する方法と戦略      5 February 2024   • 9      The Ultimate Bagel Pairing Guide: Unlocking Delicious Flavor Combinations      14 November 2023   • 10      ストレス解消法：リラクゼーションテクニックの効果的な使い方      22 January 2024  Recent Posts    • Schoonmaakbedrijf Amsterdam: voorbeelden van succesvolle projecten      5 March 2026    • Why Eviana Spa is the Best Spa in Bandra for Holistic Wellness      4 March 2026    • Exploring NYC’s Stand-Up Comedy Nights Scene      4 March 2026  Top News    • 1      Understanding HGC 寬頻: A Comprehensive Review of its Services      24 October 2023   • 2      전통 한복으로 인테리어하는 한식 레스토랑 탐방      16 November 2023   • 3      Environmental Engineering for Sustainable Development      14 June 2023  Categories    • Home   • Automotive   • Business   • E-commerce   • E-learning   • Fashion   • Hobbies   • Technology   • Listings   • Contact Us  @2026 - All Right Reserved.  Instant Bulletins   • Home   • Automotive   • Business   • E-commerce   • E-learning   • Fashion   • Hobbies   • Technology   • Listings   • Contact Us
__label__cc Careers Fax Email Call Integral Machine   • About   • Services   • Projects   • Blog   • Contact   • Careers  Crane Inspection  Crane Inspection  Crane Inspection  Integral Machine offers a variety of crane services performed by certified and experienced technicians.  Our competitively priced crane inspection services are unmatched in quality and we make every effort to get your job done quickly so you can get your equipment back to work.  Crane Inspection Services we provide:    • Overhead hoists   • Annual inspections   • Hydraulic repair   • Electrical and computer system repair   • General repair and maintenance   • Fabrication & custom builds   • Custom hydraulic applications   • Safety is our number one priority.  Similar Projects  Gun Drill Project  Gun Drill Project  Gun Drill project completed by Integral Machine.  Learn More Ballbar Test on a Lathe  Ballbar Test on a Lathe  Ballbar Test on a Lathe at Integral Machine.  Learn More Gearbox Conversion  Gearbox Conversion  Gearbox conversion at Integral Machine.  Learn More Integral Machine Logo  START A PROJECT  Give us a challenge! Integral Machine is ready to work with you on your company’s project!  Visit the Shop  W4131 County Road C  Plymouth, WI 53073  Careers  Integral Machine is always on the lookout for dedicated, talented workers. Submit your application today.  Website designed & developed by:  Fifth Color Privacy Policy
__label__cc a  Larkspur wine bar + retail for the tastiest selection of wine and beer.  info@InternosWineBar.com logo dark logo light logo   • Home   • About Us   • Order   • Calendar   • Private Parties   • Contact logo dark logo light logo   • Home   • About Us   • Order   • Calendar   • Private Parties   • Contact mobile logo   • Home   • About Us   • Order   • Calendar   • Private Parties   • Contact a   • Home   • About Us   • Order   • Gallery   • Contact  Icon List Item  HomeIcon List Item  Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur  Vestibulum vel massa sagittis, ornare purus  Ut vulputate auctor nibh vitae maximus  Quisque iaculis urna in dui varius, id rutrum  Phasellus egestas metus sed libero finibus  Phasellus egestas metus sed libero finibus  Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur  Vestibulum vel massa sagittis, ornare purus  Ut vulputate auctor nibh vitae maximus  Quisque iaculis urna in dui varius, id rutrum  Quisque iaculis urna in dui varius, id rutrum  Phasellus egestas metus sed libero finibus  Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur  Vestibulum vel massa sagittis, ornare purus  Ut vulputate auctor nibh vitae maximus  Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur  Vestibulum vel massa sagittis, ornare purus  Ut vulputate auctor nibh vitae maximus  Quisque iaculis urna in dui varius, id rutrum  Phasellus egestas metus sed libero finibus  Phasellus egestas metus sed libero finibus  Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur  Vestibulum vel massa sagittis, ornare purus  Ut vulputate auctor nibh vitae maximus  Quisque iaculis urna in dui varius, id rutrum  Quisque iaculis urna in dui varius, id rutrum  Phasellus egestas metus sed libero finibus  Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur  Vestibulum vel massa sagittis, ornare purus  Ut vulputate auctor nibh vitae maximus  a  A tasting lounge with an extensive retail offering of craft beers and unique wines.  Connect  1110 Magnolia Ave, Larkspur, CA 94939  Info@InternosWineBar.com  InternosWineBar.com Internos Hours Opening: Monday 4pm Tuesday 4pm Wednesday 2pm Thursday 2pm Friday 2pm Saturday 1pm Sunday 1pm  News & Events  ©2024 Internos Wine Bar, All Rights Reserved
__label__cc   IR @ Goa University  Filter by: Subject  Login    • IR Home   • →   • Filter by: Subject JavaScript is disabled for your browser. Some features of this site may not work without it.  Filter by: Subject  Results Per Page:  Now showing items 1-1 of 1  Microbiology (1)  Now showing items 1-1 of 1  Search IR  Advanced Search  Browse    • All of IR      • Communities & Collections     • By Issue Date     • Authors     • Titles     • Subjects  My Account    • Login   • Register IR@GU is a service of Goa University library DSpace software Version 6.3 copyright © 2002-2016  DuraSpace Theme by    Contact Us | Send Feedback  
__label__cc Search   • Sign Up   • Sign In  International Union of Mail-Artists    • Main   • My Page   • Members   • Photos   • Forum   • Events   • Groups   • Blogs   • Chat   • All Blog Posts   • My Blog   • Add  Mail art arriving last week    • Posted by Katerina Nikoltsou (MomKat) on March 11, 2024 at 8:58am   • View Blog  From Serbia came a tall art card from Zorica Obradovic:  and from Canada, a mail art postcard from Michelle Gendreau:  Thank you both for the very nice cards you sent!  Views: 12  Tags: Canada, Katerina, March2024, MichelleGendreau, MomKat, Serbia, ZoricaObradovic, postcard  Like 2 members like this  Tweet MySpace Facebook    • < Previous Post   • Next Post >  Comment  You need to be a member of International Union of Mail-Artists to add comments!  Join International Union of Mail-Artists  RSS  Welcome to International Union of Mail-Artists  Sign Up or Sign In  Support  Want to support the IUOMA with a financial gift via PayPal?  The money will be used to keep the IUOMA-platform alive. Current donations keep platform online till 1-apr-2027. If you want to donate to get IUOMA-publications into archives and museums please mention this with your donation. It will then be used to send some hardcopy books into museums and archives. You can order books yourself too at the IUOMA-Bookshop. That will sponsor the IUOMA as well.  IMPORTANT: please use the friends/family option with donation on Paypal. That makes transaction fee the lowest.  This IUOMA platform on NING has no advertisings, so the funding is completely depending on donationsby members. Access remains free for everybody off course  Bewaren  Bewaren  Bewaren  Bewaren  Bewaren  Bewaren  Bewaren  Bewaren  Bewaren  LINKS  image.php     IUOMA on Facebook http://www.mail-art.de http://www.mailart.be Mail-Art on Wikipedia Bookstore IUOMA www.fluxus.org Drawings Ruud Janssen  Mail Art Blog by Jayne  Fluxlist Europe  Privacy Revolution  fluxlist.blogspot.com/  TAM Rubberstamp Archive  MAIL-ART Projects  mail art addresses  Artistampworld  panmodern.com MIMA-Italy  artistampmuseum Papersizes Info  IUOMA Logo's  Mail Artists Index  Mailart Adressen  Maries Mailbox Blog  http://mailartarchive.com/  Mail-Interviews  http://www.crosses.net/  Ryosuke Cohen http://heebeejeebeeland.blogspot.nl/  Your link here? Send me a message.  miller-j-howard-rosie-the-riveter-1944_IUOMA_25years_variation        Birthdays  Birthdays Today    • Caitriona Russell    • Cea Cea    • Danielle Maret Williams    • Elizabeth Emer    • Helga Deb    • Karen J McLean    • Kate Hale Wilkes    • Newspaper Taxi    • Persephonii    • Sue    • laxmi prasad shahi    • laxmi prasad shahi  Birthdays Tomorrow    • 2nd High school of Messolonghi    • BANDINI FABRIZIO    • Carolina Bisioli    • Carys Kennedy    • Chelsea Mayor    • Edmar Almeida    • Gaetano Barbarisi    • Guido Vermeulen  © 2026   Created by Ruud Janssen.   Powered by Website builder | Create website | Ning.com  Badges  |  Report an Issue  |  Terms of Service  Sign in to chat!
__label__cc Jack Mangan's Deadpan  Skip to content   • Home  Jack Mangan's Deadpan  Deadpan  Skip to content   • Home  Old Pans    • December 2025   • August 2025   • March 2025   • December 2024   • September 2024   • May 2024   • December 2023   • September 2023   • May 2023   • February 2023   • December 2022   • September 2022   • July 2022   • May 2022   • February 2022   • December 2021   • October 2021   • July 2021   • June 2021   • April 2021   • March 2021   • February 2021   • January 2021   • October 2020   • September 2020   • June 2020   • April 2020   • March 2020   • January 2020   • December 2019   • November 2019   • September 2019   • July 2019   • June 2019   • May 2019   • April 2019   • March 2019   • January 2019   • December 2018   • October 2018   • September 2018   • July 2018   • May 2018   • April 2018   • March 2018   • February 2018   • January 2018   • December 2017   • October 2017   • September 2017   • August 2017   • June 2017   • May 2017   • April 2017   • March 2017   • February 2017   • January 2017   • December 2016   • November 2016   • October 2016   • September 2016   • August 2016   • July 2016   • May 2016   • April 2016   • February 2016   • January 2016   • December 2015   • November 2015   • October 2015   • August 2015   • July 2015   • June 2015   • May 2015   • April 2015   • March 2015   • February 2015   • January 2015   • December 2014   • November 2014   • October 2014   • September 2014   • August 2014   • July 2014   • June 2014   • May 2014   • April 2014   • March 2014   • February 2014   • January 2014   • December 2013   • November 2013   • October 2013   • September 2013   • August 2013   • July 2013   • June 2013   • May 2013   • April 2013   • March 2013   • February 2013   • January 2013   • December 2012   • November 2012   • October 2012   • September 2012   • August 2012   • July 2012   • June 2012   • May 2012   • April 2012   • March 2012   • February 2012   • January 2012   • December 2011   • November 2011   • October 2011   • September 2011   • August 2011   • July 2011   • June 2011   • May 2011   • April 2011   • March 2011   • February 2011   • January 2011   • December 2010   • November 2010   • October 2010   • September 2010   • August 2010   • July 2010   • June 2010   • May 2010   • April 2010   • March 2010   • February 2010   • January 2010   • December 2009   • November 2009   • October 2009   • September 2009   • August 2009   • July 2009   • June 2009   • May 2009   • April 2009   • March 2009   • February 2009   • January 2009   • December 2008   • November 2008   • October 2008   • September 2008   • August 2008   • July 2008   • June 2008   • May 2008   • April 2008   • March 2008   • February 2008   • January 2008   • December 2007   • November 2007   • October 2007   • September 2007   • August 2007   • July 2007   • June 2007   • May 2007   • April 2007   • March 2007   • February 2007   • January 2007   • December 2006   • November 2006   • October 2006   • September 2006   • August 2006   • July 2006   • June 2006   • May 2006   • April 2006   • March 2006   • September 1984  Recent Comments  Vanamonde: One of the criticisms of the soon to be released M... jack: I'm frustrated with the background noise. I tried ... jack: Good to know! I just did a Facebook post to announ... Vanamonde: Trailer for a new DC comics based series called La... ditto: CP: Things I Do For Money -- The Northern Pikes... The Energizer Bunny: That must be a US thing because when I search Drea... jack: It's hilarious that searching for "Dread Spherical... Rhettro: Same here in Trumpistan.... Vanamonde: CP: Fade Into You - Mazzy Star... The Energizer Bunny: The ebook is actually already up for preorder on A...  Recent Posts    • Dread Spherical 2026   • 25-25-25   • Support Life And Music   • Whiskey in the Jar   • State of the Deadpan  Meta    • Log in   • Entries feed   • Comments feed   • WordPress.org  Month: November 2019  1,029 Comments Posted on November 18, 2019November 18, 2019 General  Am I Evil? The Graphic Novel  Announcement! I’m working with a team of incredible Comic Book industry professionals to create a Graphic Novel based on the legendary Heavy Metal song, “Am I Evil?” Songwriters Brian Tatler and Sean Harris of Diamond Head have given their blessing. The Kickstarter campaign will begin in January 2020.  The Pre-Sale site: Am I Evil? The Graphic Novel  Yes I am!  Proudly powered by WordPress | Theme: Adaption by WordPress.com.
__label__cc Skip to content  james  spada  The Vital Function of Psychiatric Mental Wellness Nurses in the Medical Care Body  Psychological Mental Health And Wellness Nurses (PMHNs) play a crucial duty in the treatment and also administration of people along with psychological wellness problems. As the awareness of mental health problems remains to climb internationally, the requirement for concentrated mental health and wellness services additionally raises. Psychiatric registered nurses work as a bridge between bodily as well as psychological medical care, making certain people receive extensive, holistic treatment. Their work is invaluable in the total mental health and wellness care ecosystem, attending to a vast array of psychological health problems and helping individuals lead much healthier, even more satisfying lives.  In this post, we are going to explore the necessary task that Psychiatric Mental Health and wellness Nurses serve in psychological healthcare, the certifications called for to seek this career, the influence of their work, and also the difficulties they experience in a quickly evolving medical care environment.  What is a Psychological Mental Health And Wellness Nurse Practitioner? A Psychiatric Mental Health Nurse Practitioner (PMHN) is actually a signed up nurse practitioner that focuses on caring for individuals with psychiatric or even psychological wellness ailments. These nurse practitioners are educated to analyze, detect, and also deal with individuals experiencing emotional and mental issues. PMHNs work with individuals coping with a wide scope of psychological wellness problems, featuring stress and anxiety, depression, mental illness, bipolar illness, and also trauma-related conditions.  The duty of a psychological nurse extends past simply offering medications or carrying out scientific assessments. They play a crucial function in offering treatment, enlightening patients, and offering psychological support. They additionally do work in a variety of healthcare environments, featuring medical facilities, outpatient medical clinics, non commercial procedure facilities, as well as neighborhood psychological hospital.  Education and Credentials of a Psychological Mental Wellness Nurse Practitioner Coming To Be a Psychiatric Mental Wellness Registered nurse requires a tough informative base, along with focused training in psychiatric nursing. Listed below are actually the essential measures to pursue an occupation as a psychological nurse practitioner:  1. Educational Criteria The initial action is actually to come to be a Nurse practitioner (REGISTERED NURSE). This calls for finishing a recognized nursing course, like an Associate’s Level in Nursing (ADN) or even a Bachelor’s Level in Nursing (BSN). After graduation, nurse practitioners should pass the National Authorities Licensure Assessment (NCLEX-RN) to end up being certified to train as signed up nurses.  2. Specialized Training in Psychiatric Nursing While a registered nurse permit certifies a nurse to work in general health care setups, those pursuing an occupation as a Psychiatric Mental Health and wellness Registered nurse need to undertake additional training and also learning. There are actually a variety of means to focus in psychiatric nursing:  Graduate Programs: Registered nurses curious about psychological nursing might work at a Professional of Scientific Research in Nursing (MSN) or even Medical Professional of Nursing Practice (DNP) along with a concentrate on psychiatric or mental medical care. These plans outfit registered nurses with the skill-sets to handle complicated psychiatric conditions and deliver specialized like people with psychological health necessities. Siobhan Psychiatric Mental Health Nurse Practitioner  Qualification: After accomplishing the needed informative course, nurse practitioners may pursue certification in psychiatric psychological health and wellness nursing with companies like the United States Nurses Credentialing Center (ANCC). This qualification, called the Psychiatric-Mental Health Nursing Qualification (PMHNC), is a crucial abilities that illustrates a nurse practitioner’s knowledge in psychological treatment.  3. Advanced Technique Responsibility Advanced technique psychological nurse practitioners, including Psychiatric-Mental Wellness Nurse Professionals (PMHNPs), undertake further instruction to tackle duties that include identifying psychiatric disorders, suggesting medicines, as well as offering psychiatric therapy. These professionals accommodate a Professional’s or Postgraduate degree in Nursing and must pass advanced accreditation assessments.  Functions as well as Obligations of a Psychiatric Mental Wellness Nurse Practitioner Psychiatric Mental Health and wellness Nurses tackle an unique stable of obligations relying on their level of know-how and the settings in which they work. Nevertheless, the primary functionalities of a PMHN generally include:  1. Determining as well as Identifying Mental Health And Wellness Circumstances Among the very most crucial components of the PMHN’s function is actually conducting comprehensive examinations of patients. This entails party thorough pasts, talking to clients about their indicators, as well as utilizing analysis devices to examine mental health conditions. The details collected during the course of the examination helps inform the treatment strategy and also care techniques.  In innovative process tasks like Psychological Nurse practitioner Experts, nurses are actually usually qualified to identify psychological wellness ailments, prescribe medicines, as well as develop procedure programs individually, within the scope of their licensure.  2. Medication Management and also Management A substantial aspect of the psychiatric nurse practitioner’s role entails taking care of drugs suggested to clients. Numerous mental wellness problems need medicinal treatment, such as antidepressants, antipsychotics, and state of mind stabilizers. PMHNs are in charge of conducting drugs as well as closely observing their impacts on the person.  They likewise deliver patient education regarding the drugs suggested, including their perks, possible side impacts, as well as the relevance of adherence to the prescribed regimen. In addition, PMHNs might analyze medicine efficiency and also team up along with medical doctors as well as other medical care companies to adjust therapy plannings when needed.  3. Restorative Interaction as well as Counseling Psychological nurse practitioners are very trained in therapeutic communication, a keystone of psychiatric treatment. Through understanding listening, verbal and non-verbal hints, and inspirational talking to, PMHNs construct connection with individuals, encouraging all of them to open up about their problems and psychological health issues.  Along with providing supporting therapy, PMHNs might supply quick restorative treatments, such as intellectual behavioral treatment (CBT), dialectic habits therapy (DBT), or mindfulness-based therapies. These therapeutic techniques assist individuals manage their emotions, cope along with stress and anxiety, as well as develop healthier thought and feelings patterns.  4. Situation Intervention and Safety Tracking PMHNs are actually qualified to interfere in the course of mental health and wellness situations, such as those including suicidal thought, self-harm, or extreme anxiety and agitation. They help de-escalate mental problems, making certain the safety of the person as well as others around them. They may also apply dilemma stablizing strategies, featuring generating a risk-free and encouraging environment, utilizing comforting assistances, and also assisting in urgent treatment if needed.  5. Person Education and also Campaigning For Person learning is actually a basic component of psychological nursing. PMHNs notify clients about their conditions, procedure alternatives, coping techniques, and also the significance of self-care. They likewise direct patients in understanding the judgment neighboring mental wellness and inspire all of them to take an active duty in their procedure.  In addition, PMHNs supporter for patients, ensuring they obtain the needed resources and assistance to improve their psychological as well as mental wellness. Campaigning for also prolongs to the wide spread level, where psychological nurse practitioners operate to advertise psychological health and wellness plans, battle stigma, as well as help in the general development of psychological medical care.  The Value of Psychiatric Mental Health And Wellness Nurses The job of Psychiatric Mental Wellness Nurses is actually vital for several explanations:  1. Taking Care Of the Expanding Mental Wellness Problems The incidence of mental health and wellness conditions all over the world proceeds to rise, along with millions of folks impacted through clinical depression, anxiety, and other psychological conditions. However, the scarcity of mental health professionals exacerbates the concern, specifically in underserved and country places. Psychiatric nurses take on an essential task in filling this void by offering straight treatment to individuals with psychological health and wellness conditions, delivering support, learning, and helpful treatments.  2. Improving Individual Outcomes and also Lifestyle Psychiatric nursing is actually fixated strengthening the lifestyle of people. By giving continuous tracking, support, and also restorative treatments, psychiatric nurse practitioners assist individuals with mental wellness conditions lead healthier, more satisfying lifestyles. They additionally aid lessen the probability of a hospital stay as well as enhance the individual’s capability to handle their signs and symptoms and lead a successful lifestyle.  3. Lessening the Preconception of Mental Disorder Psychiatric nurse practitioners are often at the leading edge of minimizing the stigma bordering psychological health and wellness. By providing tenderhearted care and also engaging in public education, they assist move assumptions of mental health and wellness ailments coming from shame and anxiety to understanding and also help.  Obstacles Faced by Psychiatric Mental Wellness Nurses While the part of a psychological nurse practitioner is very fulfilling, it happens along with its own set of obstacles:  1. Work and Burnout Because of the boosting need for psychological wellness companies and also the scarcity of qualified experts, lots of psychiatric registered nurses experience high levels of worry and fatigue. The emotional toll of partnering with people in problems, along with the steady pressure to supply reliable treatment, can easily bring about exhaustion as well as tiredness.  2. Stigma Within the Health Care Unit Regardless of increasing recognition, psychological wellness preconception lingers within the healthcare unit. Psychiatric registered nurses may face difficulties in advocating for their individuals, especially when coping with clients that experience preconception or bias from various other doctor.  3. Limited Resources and Assistance In some environments, psychological nurses function in atmospheres that are underfunded or even lack the essential information to provide optimal treatment. This can create it tough to use detailed, individualized look after clients, specifically in inpatient settings where sources are actually stretched thin.  Final thought Psychiatric Mental Wellness Nurses participate in an essential duty in the healthcare body, providing skilled treatment, support, and also advocacy for individuals dealing with mental health disorders. They are at the forefront of dealing with the mental health and wellness crisis, improving client end results, as well as lowering stigma bordering psychological ailment. As mental health and wellness care remains to advance, psychiatric nurses will certainly stay critical in giving all natural, compassionate, as well as top notch care to those in necessity.  For those interested in making a significant influence on psychological healthcare, psychological nursing gives a satisfying and dynamic career road with adequate options for qualified development and patient-centered treatment.  Author adminPosted on May 14, 2025  Leave a Reply Cancel reply  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *  Post navigation  Previous Previous post: Soundscapes of Success: Structure the Ultimate Podcast Center Next Next post: Block by Brick: Finding the most effective Home Contractor in Atlanta Ga  Archives    • March 2026   • February 2026   • January 2026   • December 2025   • November 2025   • October 2025   • September 2025   • August 2025   • July 2025   • June 2025   • May 2025   • April 2025  Categories    • Uncategorized  Recent Posts    • Tiny Tasks, Global Ability: The Growth of Consultants for Microjobs   • The Relentless Engineer of Opportunity: Inside the Thoughts of a Business person   • Sugary Food Illusions and Bitter Truths: The Facility World of Sugar Personals   • Framing Forever: The Fine Art as well as Relevance of Wedding Digital Photographers and Wedding Celebration Videographers in Singapore   • The Rising Sun as well as Increasing Spaces: Checking Out Eastern Realty  Recent Comments    1. A WordPress Commenter on Hello world!   2. A WordPress Commenter on Hello world! james Proudly powered by WordPress  Powered by ► Necessary cookies enable essential site features like secure log-ins and consent preference adjustments. They do not store personal data. None ► Functional cookies support features like content sharing on social media, collecting feedback, and enabling third-party tools. None ► Analytical cookies track visitor interactions, providing insights on metrics like visitor count, bounce rate, and traffic sources. None ► Advertisement cookies deliver personalized ads based on your previous visits and analyze the effectiveness of ad campaigns. None ► Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. None Powered by
__label__cc Logo Logo   • Home   • Best Rating   • Genres   • Countries   • Years     • 2026     • 2025     • 2024     • 2023     • 2022     • 2021     • 2020     • 2019     • 2018     • 2017     • 2016     • 2015     • 2014     • 2013     • 2012     • 2011     • 2010   • 18+ Sub Indo   • Jav Sub Indo  Han Yi-seul-I    • Home   • Han Yi-seul-I  Cast: Han Yi-seul-I  (English Sub) Sex House: Partner Share (2022)  (English Sub) Sex House: Partner Share (2022) (English Sub) College Girls: Sex Part Time Job (2025)  (English Sub) College Girls: Sex Part Time Job (2025) (English Sub) Sisters Sex Scandal (2022)  (English Sub) Sisters Sex Scandal (2022) (English Sub) Yool and Seul (2021) Uncut  (English Sub) Yool and Seul (2021) Uncut (English Sub) Business Trip Nurse Who Takes Care of the Body (2023) Uncut  (English Sub) Business Trip Nurse Who Takes Care of the... (English Sub) Big Brother in law’s Big Sister in law (2021) Uncut  (English Sub) Big Brother in law’s Big Sister in law... (English Sub) Female Urologists 2 (2020) Uncut  (English Sub) Female Urologists 2 (2020) Uncut (English Sub) Bright Family: Younger Brother’s Girlfriend (2024)  (English Sub) Bright Family: Younger Brother’s Girlfriend (2024) (English Sub) Tutor and Bright Family (2024)  (English Sub) Tutor and Bright Family (2024) (English Sub) 19 Gold Love Story (2020)  (English Sub) 19 Gold Love Story (2020) (English Sub) College Girls Massage Parlor (2020) Uncut  (English Sub) College Girls Massage Parlor (2020) Uncut (English Sub) Delicious Woman (2020)  (English Sub) Delicious Woman (2020) (English Sub) Undressing Housekeeper 2 (2023)  (English Sub) Undressing Housekeeper 2 (2023) Female College Student’s Massage (2023)  Female College Student’s Massage (2023) The Big Breasts Sisters 2 (2023)  The Big Breasts Sisters 2 (2023) Sex Girl 14 (2021)  Sex Girl 14 (2021) Sweet Taste Of Her (2021)  Sweet Taste Of Her (2021) Save Me! One Night (2021)  Save Me! One Night (2021) His Secret Sex (2021)  His Secret Sex (2021) Bosomy Mom (2020)  Bosomy Mom (2020) Between Cousins (2022)  Between Cousins (2022) Three Sisters Moaning At The Taste Of Daemul (2022)  Three Sisters Moaning At The Taste Of Daemul (2022) His Oil Massage (2022)  His Oil Massage (2022) Their Seed (2021)  Their Seed (2021) 1 2 Last  Jav Subtitle Indonesia, Jav Sub Indo, Jav Story, JavStory, JavStory1, Bandar Sub, BandarSub, Indo Jav Stream, Jav X Sub, JavXSub, Yabai Sub, YabaiSub, Jav Subbed, JavSubbed, Bokep Hub, JavBerbisik, Jav Berbisik, BokepHub, TrahKino, Memexxx, Film Semi Sub Indo, Bokep Barat Sub Indo, Bokep Indonesia, Bokep Indo, BLING2, Record ML, Live APK, Indo Viral, Film Semi Korea Subtitle Indonesia, Semi Korea Sub Indo, Bokep India, Vintage, Thai AV, China AV, Chindo, Film Bioskop, Pinoy Movie, Tagalog, Film Semi Philiphine, Semi Filipina, LK21, LK-21, Nekopoi, Hentai Sub Indo, MiniOppai, Mlive Indo, Gomov Movie, Rumah Perjaka, RumahPerjaka, NgeFilm21, Kurakura21, Download, Streaming.  Links    • JAV Beautiful Girl   • JAV Video   • JAV Subtitle Indo   • JAV Subtitle Indonesia   • 18+ Sub Indo  © JAVLAZY
__label__cc Skip to main content Skip to main navigation menu Skip to site footer   • Current   • Archives   • About     • About the Journal     • Submissions     • Editorial Team     • Privacy Statement     • Contact Search   • Register   • Login   1. Home /   2. Register  Register  Required fields are marked with an asterisk: *  Profile Login Privacy Options Login  ABOUT JOURNAL  2685-9696 (Online  2686-0678 (Print)  Online Submissions  Editorial Team  People Reviews  Peer Reviews  Focus And Scope  Publication Ethic  Publication Frequency  Author Guideline  Open Access Policy  Copyright Statement  Article Publication Charge  Plagiarisme  My Statistik  Flag Counter  Information    • For Readers   • For Authors   • For Librarians  Faculty of Economics, Merdeka University Surabaya, Indonesia  Jl. Ketintang Madya VII/2 Karah, Kec. Jambangan, Kota Surabaya, East Java, Indonesia  Telp. (+6231) 8287318 Fax. (+6231) 8287317 HP or WhatsApp: +6282333363879  E-mail: admin@jeams.unmerbaya.ac.id  More information about the publishing system, Platform and Workflow by OJS/PKP.
__label__cc   • Welcome   • About   • All Galleries     • Tables     • Decoys     • Paddles     • Boxes     • Fantasy     • 7 inch drums     • 10 inch drums     • 12 inch drums     • Antlers & Skulls   • Contact Menu Website design & code by Quench Design & Communications        Fantasy Artwork 36 by John Doherty  John Doherty Paintings
__label__cc   • Home   • Webstore – Order Office Products   • About Us   • Services   • Document Management   • CLIENT CARE     • Remote Support     • Pay your bill online     • Submit a Service Call     • Order Toner     • Submit Reading   • Contact Us   • Home   • Webstore – Order Office Products   • About Us   • Services   • Document Management   • CLIENT CARE     • Remote Support     • Pay your bill online     • Submit a Service Call     • Order Toner     • Submit Reading   • Contact Us Track Package Track Package ©copy; 2021 by TTLP
__label__cc on earth as it is in heaven  Monday, December 24, 2012  Some people get presents under their Christmas tree.  Me? I get a family of 5. 4 children under 8 and their mother sleep on the couches and on mattresses laid out on the living room floor.  It's 5:30 am and I find a place to squeeze in between the pile of children and blankets and attempt to have some "quiet time" by the light of the Christmas tree. I am distracted. Her kids all have a cough and they breathe heavily and toss and turn all around me. Her chest heaves and a small moan escapes her lips. The rain pounds loudly on the tin roof and we need this rain so I try to be thankful for it. I dream for her future. I dream that she'll live. I fleetingly wonder if there are relative who will raise this brood of young ones if she doesn't.  I wonder what their future will hold. I wonder what this day will hold. I watch their chests move up and down and hear my precious ones begin to stir in the other room, and I wonder if I can so it again today, the 17 children and the sick and the broken and those who will come for dinner and just all of these lives with all of their needs. The house is all a-twinkle, and I remind myself of all God's promises fulfilled in a baby and breathe it deep, Grace.  And I am so thankful that Jesus meets us in these squished places. In the stretched places. In-the-squeezed-between-the-tree-and-the-kids moments, in the desperate-for-quiet-on-the-bathroom-floor-because-everywhere-else-is-full moments.  I read Luke. I think of Bethlehem and how it had no room, and I think of how His parents squeezed between the animals to place Him in a feeding trough. The shepherds gazed in wonder but Mary held all this wonder in the silence of her heart. I bet she dreamed of His future. I bet it was muddy and loud in there, but the sky was all a-twinkle with the light of that star, the heavens bursting with joy at God's promises all fulfilled, Grace.  I look around and know: this is what He came for. The King of the universe who created all things, even life itself, clothed in splendor, took off His royal robes, laid aside His crown and squeezed all of the fullness of God into the womb of a woman and then into swaddling clothes in a manger.  He calls my name right here and how I long to recognize Him here, right here.  The squished places and the stretched places, the moments that are loud and messy and uncertain, this is what He came for. The heartaches and the doubt and the wounds that our sin carves deep, that's why He is here. And all this life hanging in the dark of the morning, isn't this why we wait, why we celebrate? Isn't this why we light up the candles and the tree and the house and say with all the longing in our hearts, "Come, Lord Jesus"?  Come, Lord Jesus.  This morning in the dark, in the rain, in whatever mess or squished place or heartache you find yourself in, all God's promises are Yes and Amen, and we can rejoice in thanksgiving! The Savior is here with us, Grace.  His promise is Yes to you, friends. "Yes, I have come, and Yes, I am coming. Yes, I am with you always, even to the very end of the age."  I pray that you'll recognize His handprints all over your day today.  Merry Christmas. Posted by katie at 9:01 PM  183 comments:  Allison C. Lee said...  Yes. Come Lord. Come. And while we wait...we worship You and pray. Pray for the Saints like precious Katie...  Come...  December 24, 2012 at 9:18 PM Emma Hamstra said...  Beautiful. Merry Christmas!  December 24, 2012 at 9:20 PM Unknown said...  This is so beautiful. Praying for you.  December 24, 2012 at 9:31 PM Caroline said...  Merry Christmas to you and your beautiful family Katie! You have been beyond an inspiration to me as I am reading your book. I'm hoping to do ministry in Africa next summer and (although it's a long shot) I'd love to use you as a sounding board! I'm praying for you and your sweet girls as well as the family staying with you! Have a blessed Christmas!  December 24, 2012 at 9:54 PM Caroline said...  Merry Christmas to you and your beautiful family Katie! You are beyond an inspiration to me as I'm reading your book. I'm hoping to do ministry in Africa next summer and (although it's a long shot) I'd love to use you as my sounding board! I'm praying for you and your sweet girls as well as the family staying with you! Have a blessed Christmas!  December 24, 2012 at 9:57 PM George said...  Thank you, sister. God bless you and yours. Praying for your strength.  He who dwells in the shelter of the Most High will abide in the shadow of the Almighty- Psalm 91:1  December 24, 2012 at 10:41 PM George said...  God bless you and yours, sister. Thank you. Merry Christmas.  He who dwells in the shelter of the Most High will abide in the shadow of the Almighty. - Psalm 91:1  December 24, 2012 at 10:42 PM Anonymous said...  You are truly an inspiration! God bless you and your family! Merry Christmas!  December 24, 2012 at 10:58 PM Tammy said...  Lovely. God bless you and (all)yours today, and in all the days to come.  Merry Christmas  December 25, 2012 at 12:25 AM Heather Keno said...  Merry Christmas! This week I have been encouraged and challenged as I read your book; knowing that God is leading me down a road that is uncomfortable but filled with joy. Thank you for sharing how God has led you. I pray that God will bless you and your family today.  December 25, 2012 at 12:38 AM Anonymous said...  Dearest sister in Christ, You are beautiful. I came across your journal as I was browsing through the net for anything interesting to read or simply to just pass the time away. Instead, I was led to your wonderful journal. I just want to say that you've inspired me to keep turning to God, giving thanks for both the good and the not so pleasant trials in life. I pray that God will continue to be with you and the people around you in spirit, that He may continue to use you to fulfill his wondrous works :) Have a Blessed Christmas!  Lots of Love, Gladys,  December 25, 2012 at 1:22 AM Unknown said...  Merry Christmas Katie! I'm praying for this family!  December 25, 2012 at 4:49 AM Unknown said...  Beautiful, Katie! Merry Christmas to you and your girls and all those you care for there. God bless you....thank you for all you do! I am so blessed by your blog and your book! God touches my heart and so many others thru your life there.  December 25, 2012 at 5:19 AM Hal Simmons said...  O come, O come, Emmanuel, bless Katie, her family, her ministry, the Masese people, the needs of the community and thank you for the love, the witness and the evidence of Your great power in Uganda. May the frustrations of each day be tempered with the joy of serving You, of experiencing Your healing power, and knowing that you are and will always be the 'I AM'. O come, o come, Emmanuel, and fill Katie and the people of Masese with your love, especially on this Christmas day. - Hal Simmons  December 25, 2012 at 6:16 AM Jaclyn Bailes said...  Thanks for always reminding of Grace. And that there is always room. :)  December 25, 2012 at 6:53 AM Sandy said...  Thank you Katie, And for you. Extra Grace from Him through you. Sandy in the UK I recently found your blog. Thank you for the ways you remind me to look at things differently in the things He wants me to do, with the limited energy an abilities He expands so I can do them. God Bless.  December 25, 2012 at 7:49 AM Kalli said...  Praying for you and your family on this day... you are truly an example of a Godly woman Katie and such an encouragement to me and many, many others  December 25, 2012 at 9:02 AM Kalli said...  Merry Christmas to you and your beautiful family. Praying for all of you and your ministry today and throughout the year... you are truly an example of a Godly woman and such an encouragement to me. Thank you for your book, and all your beautiful blog posts... I look forward to them.  December 25, 2012 at 9:04 AM Jennifer said...  Wishing you a beautiful Christmas and all the joy your heart can hold :)  December 25, 2012 at 9:48 AM Unknown said...  Katie!  I am 15 years old. I have read your book and I am so inspired by you. Your love for Christ and the way He uses you for His glory amazes me and I praise Him for it. I decided to not recieve presents this Christmas and instead use that money for God's purpose. I am having trouble deciding which organization to donate the money to. Because you inspire me so much, I was thinking maybe I would give it to you. How could I get it to you?  December 25, 2012 at 12:17 PM Sarah Widener said...  Thank you for sharing these intimate moments with us. Your adventure is soul inspiring, and it is a privileged to be welcomed to read about these very special moments you share for God's glory.  December 25, 2012 at 1:15 PM Butterfly Kisses said...  Merry Christmas Katie. Blessings to you and your loving family. Christ is king and He is truly enough.  December 25, 2012 at 1:20 PM Kay Kay said...  I got the book Kisses from Katie for Christmas. I read it straight through. I is wonderful. Thank you for writing it. **Katie, Alabama  December 25, 2012 at 1:27 PM Kay Kay said...  I got the book Kisses from Katie. I love it!! Thank you for writing it.  December 25, 2012 at 1:29 PM Cheryl Klinger-Smith said...  Dear Katie, I have only found your blog & story in the past few days as I bought your book for my 14yo adopted daughter & was drawn to your story for myself as well. You are truly His hands & His feet in Uganda & a living testimony of sacrificial love the way Jesus lived it & how He wants us to be living in the world today. I will be following your blog & we as a family will commit to pray for you, your ministry & will financially support you as well. He has called all of us to be a part of His body in so many different ways & we will lift you up from this part of the world & will do our part as your follow the Savior in Africa doing yours. For the King & for the Kingdom, Cheryl Smith & family  December 25, 2012 at 2:55 PM Cheryl Klinger-Smith said...  Dear Katie, I have only found your blog & story in the past few days as I bought your book for my 14yo adopted daughter & was drawn to your story for myself as well. You are truly His hands & His feet in Uganda & a living testimony of sacrificial love the way Jesus lived it & how He wants us to be living in the world today. I will be following your blog & we as a family will commit to pray for you, your ministry & will financially support you as well. He has called all of us to be a part of His body in so many different ways & we will lift you up from this part of the world & will do our part as your follow the Savior in Africa doing yours. For the King & for the Kingdom, Cheryl Smith & family  December 25, 2012 at 2:56 PM Anonymous said...  you are my inspiration. I thank God that He gave you the gift to not only share Him with so many but also the gift of being able to write you thoughts and feelings. Thank God He directed me to your book then blog! it has helped me as I try to serve Him. Thank you and Merry Christmas!  December 25, 2012 at 3:24 PM Anonymous said...  hey katie my name is morgan whaley and I just read your book kisses for katie. The stories are amazing and very inspiring. I would love to visit uganda one day.  December 25, 2012 at 6:44 PM Anonymous said...  hey katie i just read your book I would love to visit uganda. My name is Morgan Whaley  December 25, 2012 at 6:45 PM Kassi said...  Loved this :) So encouraged by your writing and how you are giving yourself to God. You bless me!  December 25, 2012 at 7:27 PM Anonymous said...  Isaiah 58:6-9 The Message Bible “This is the kind of fast day I’m after: to break the chains of injustice, get rid of exploitation in the workplace, free the oppressed, cancel debts. What I’m interested in seeing you do is: sharing your food with the hungry, inviting the homeless poor into your homes, putting clothes on the shivering ill-clad, being available to your own families. Do this and the lights will turn on, and your lives will turn around at once. Your righteousness will pave your way. The God of glory will secure your passage. Then when you pray, God will answer. You’ll call out for help and I’ll say, ‘Here I am.’ I was reading this earlier tonight (12-25) then I read your blog post. You are the embodiment of this passage. I pray with you for the precious mother in your home and her children, as well as you and your girls. God bless you sweet girl.  December 25, 2012 at 8:40 PM Hannah said...  Merry Christmas to you and your family! I received your book as a gift and am enjoying it so far. Blessings, Hannah  December 25, 2012 at 8:54 PM Anita said...  Katie your book and you blog are blessing me in ways I never imagined. I 've had some squishy and some stretching experiences this holiday. Your words have helped me trust in the Lord and draw on His power. Thank you so very much.  December 25, 2012 at 8:56 PM Aileen said...  Wishing you and your family a Merry Christmas, Katie. Thanks for finding the time to blog and letting us get a glimpse of your journey with Him on this earth. Just wanted to send a little note of encouragement and support your way. May God bless you and your family this coming year. You'll be in my prayers.  December 25, 2012 at 9:00 PM Aileen said...  Wishing you and your family a Merry Christmas, Katie. Thanks for finding the time to blog and letting us see a glimpse of your journey with Him here on earth. Just wanted to send some support and encouragement your way. God bless you and your family! You'll be in my prayers.  December 25, 2012 at 9:03 PM Unknown said...  Simply beautiful! Thank you for sharing. Thank you for caring. God bless you today!  December 26, 2012 at 2:35 AM Dianne said...  Thank you Katie for reminding me what is really important. It is not the material gifts we get, but the gifts we give and receive that come from our hearts. My oldest son freely put his arm around me and said, "I love you mom." That was the best gift I got this Christmas.  I check your journal every week in anticipation knowing that I will be blest by what I read.  Thank you for sharing your innermost thoughts with me.  Dianne  December 26, 2012 at 4:14 AM Diane in the Valley said...  I really enjoy reading your posts. It is very humbling, sitting in my living room surrounded by "stuff" that we didn't "need" and to realize how blessed I am that my family is warm and has plenty of food and are all in good health. Merry Christmas and Joy to the World.  December 26, 2012 at 7:32 AM Anonymous said...  Bless you.  December 26, 2012 at 8:51 AM Unknown said...  He is our great redeemer and friend - our reason for living! Thanks for reminding us all of that, and for being Jesus to those children and all those that you encounter every day.  -Nick  December 26, 2012 at 10:28 AM Unknown said...  This is your Katherine? The one you where talking a few post back? How is she? Is she getting better! Praying for you, her and her little one! God bless ya  December 26, 2012 at 10:58 AM Anonymous said...  Beautiful :) I was given your book for Christmas from a friend and I can't wait to dig into it! I pray that the Lord blesses you in all that you do. He is doing great and mighty things through you, sister!  December 26, 2012 at 11:50 AM Missing Mayberry said...  Thanks for writing, Katie. I love when you describe life so vividly that I can imagine being there to see it for myself. It sounds like it's not always easy, but it's always blessed :-) Merry Christmas to you and your sweet family!  December 26, 2012 at 12:38 PM Unknown said...  Merry Christmas, Katie!! God bless you for all you do. Praying for your friend. God will provide.  December 26, 2012 at 12:50 PM fadfd said...  Merry Christmas! I'm so happy to have you blog your precious moments with us.  God bless you!  You are all in our prayers!!!  December 26, 2012 at 1:38 PM Gerardo said...  Merry Christmas, Katie and all of your beautiful children. I just finished reading your book and I could not help but fall in love with the person you have become. I have been searching for my vocation, and although I still do not know, you have given me the motivation to continue praying hard and leaving it all up to God. I will say YES to the Lord. God Bless you all. And thank you a thousand times for writing this book. It has undoubtedly changed my life!  December 26, 2012 at 1:42 PM Gerardo said...  Merry Christmas, Katie and all of your beautiful children. I just finished reading your book and I could not help but fall in love with the person you have become. I have been searching for my vocation, and although I still do not know, you have given me the motivation to continue praying hard and leaving it all up to God. I will say YES to the Lord. God Bless you all. And thank you a thousand times for writing this book. It has undoubtedly changed my life!  December 26, 2012 at 1:43 PM CynthiaJSwenson said...  Dearest Katie, I think it is amazing what God is doing in your life! Praying especially for Katherine & her precious children. Also prayers for much strength for you. Love, in Jesus, Cynthia  December 26, 2012 at 3:07 PM Anonymous said...  Thank you for posting, I look forward to each one of your posts. I pray strength and comfort for you and healing for the family you are hosting. Your life is a pushing me to live full on in love with Jesus every day. God Bless you and your beautiful children. love & blessings, Cathy  December 26, 2012 at 5:21 PM Anonymous said...  This is so beautiful. Praying for you and these kiddos.  December 26, 2012 at 5:43 PM Tina Marie said...  *Tears...I LOVE God's work in you.  December 26, 2012 at 7:50 PM Anonymous said...  Oh, how very blessed I am as I read. And I feel your blessing, too, and I rejoice that you do see that blessing though you are squeezed between and stretched out...I pray she lives. Now AND in eternity with Christ. And all her kids. And yours. Too much to ask? Not of our King. Loving you from Mississippi.  December 26, 2012 at 7:50 PM Elizabeth Anne said...  Dear Katie,  I am 14 years old. About a year ago God decided that I NEEDED to go to Uganda. This was before I had heard anything about you or your ministry. When I read about you I knew God was right. God was on a mission to get me to Uganda. Your daily life inspires me and makes me joyous just thinking about it. All I want is to go to Uganda. I would love to email you or write you about Uganda and some arragments I must make. I know you are so so busy with Amazima and your girls, but if you could fit in one minute for me I would be the happiest girl in the entire world!! Thank you so much for evertthing you do for the Lord. I am continuing to pray for you, Amazima, and all of your children. To contact me, my email is ea.tarheel2021@gmail.com Thank you so much Katie.  Love, Elizabeth Anne  December 26, 2012 at 8:22 PM Anonymous said...  Merry Christmas sweet Katie...to you and everyone your heart loves!  December 26, 2012 at 8:45 PM Rose Robinson said...  Thank you for sharing, Katie. You are such a blessing!  December 27, 2012 at 5:20 AM Unknown said...  Katie, I have been looking for a way to contact you. I just left college after completing a year and a half and am paying off my dept so i can follow Jesus relentlessly as he asked of me in the red letters of scripture and deep in my prayers with him. In the mean time i have boxes and boxes or raggedy anne dolls. I know its small and silly but i grew up collecting them and feel they have to have some purpose and would love to send them to you if you felt you could share the love of Jesus to girls through giving them a gift of these dolls? ill check comments for a contact back if your interested and be in prayer. praying for you and your girls and those you come in contact with!  December 27, 2012 at 9:39 AM Unknown said...  Katie, I have been looking for a way to contact you. I just left college after completing a year and a half and am paying off my dept so i can follow Jesus relentlessly as he asked of me in the red letters of scripture and deep in my prayers with him. In the mean time i have boxes and boxes or raggedy anne dolls. I know its small and silly but i grew up collecting them and feel they have to have some purpose and would love to send them to you if you felt you could share the love of Jesus to girls through giving them a gift of these dolls? ill check comments for a contact back if your interested and be in prayer. praying for you and your girls and those you come in contact with!  December 27, 2012 at 9:41 AM Unknown said...  Katie, I have been looking for a way to contact you. I just left college after completing a year and a half and am paying off my dept so i can follow Jesus relentlessly as he asked of me in the red letters of scripture and deep in my prayers with him. In the mean time i have boxes and boxes or raggedy anne dolls. I know its small and silly but i grew up collecting them and feel they have to have some purpose and would love to send them to you if you felt you could share the love of Jesus to girls through giving them a gift of these dolls? ill check comments for a contact back if your interested and be in prayer. praying for you and your girls and those you come in contact with!  December 27, 2012 at 9:41 AM Chris Knox said...  Even in fear, He comes! Praise God!  December 27, 2012 at 12:25 PM Breathing In Grace said...  Our daughter is in Uganda now, hoping to come to visit you, or at least get a glimpse of your "compound" in the next week, or so. They adopted a little girl from Loving Hearts, Ruby Kate, age 2...our first GRAND-daughter, to go along with our 2 grandsons. What an awesome example of doing God's work you are....something we should all be doing.  December 27, 2012 at 12:46 PM Anonymous said...  Merry Christmas Katie to you and your precious ones! Thank you for sharing the depths of your heart with the world.  December 27, 2012 at 2:03 PM Jenileigh said...  So man times I've read your story, I've read your blog, and I think why not me Lord? This is what I want. I want to live in a foreign country and adopt so many children.  Today I read this post and I'm so selfish. I'm so thankful to live in America, in my nice home, with heat, and room, and so much food, with just my family.  I wonder how in the world you do what you do. How you stand to be away from your own family in the states. Your dedication to reading His word and spending time with HIM. Relating your journey to His.  I know it is by His grace and His grace alone that you do what you do.  My mind knows that real blessings are in the sacrifice but today my flesh cries for the things that spoil me so.  I pray for you and your family, for all of those that cross your path, I pray that the Lord heal, touch, give peace and security, and Lord bring them comfort, heat, warmth, blankets, food, room, and all the things that their flesh may cry for.  How I long to be more like you. How I know I must crucify my flesh. Lord help me.  December 27, 2012 at 2:20 PM Unknown said...  Katie! Thank you for sharing what the Lord does through you! It is always encouraging and a blessing.  I was wondering about your van. That might sound ridiculous but I remember reading about you receiving a van. My friend has just recently started a nonprofit in Liberia, and currently she is trying to get a school bus for the orphanage there. She is thinking about buying one in the States and shipping it to Liberia. Could you give any advice on what would be the best way to do that?  December 27, 2012 at 2:33 PM Unknown said...  Katie! Thank you for sharing how the Lord is using you! It is always encouraging and a blessing for me to read.  I had a question about your van. That sounds ridiculous but I remember reading about you receiving a van. My friend has recently started a nonprofit in Liberia. She is currently trying to find a bus for the orphanage she supports there. She is thinking about buying one in the States and shipping it to Liberia. I was wondering what you thought the best option would be.  December 27, 2012 at 2:38 PM Ali Curtis said...  I feel so blessed to have stumbled upon your book and your blog. I am sixteen years old and have been longing to serve in Uganda for as long as I can remember. Your book and the way God obviously shines through you is just amazing. I am hoping to move to Uganda either before or after college, if God continues to lead me that way. I will be praying for your beautiful family!  December 27, 2012 at 6:27 PM Anonymous said...  I am Emma, and I am 13 years old. I basically want to be you when I grow up. :) Words cannot describe how much I long to be there serving the LORD with you. I know that you don't have time, and it's totally fine if you can't, but it would be so amazing if you could e-mail me at emma.g.armitage@gmail.com. Like I said It's completely fine if you can't. I've read your book three times and know how busy your life is. :) Merry Christmas! -Emma  December 27, 2012 at 7:28 PM Nathanael G said...  So I wanna thank you Katie. I'm a 21 year old college senior living in New York. Christ in you is such an encouragement to me. Your life speaks more than any sermon ever could. Keep doing God's thing Katie, it's only gonna get harder, but it's worth it.  December 27, 2012 at 8:37 PM Chat 2 Friend said...  A kiss is the act of pressing one's lips against the lips or other body parts of another person or of an object. Cultural connotations of kissing vary widely. Kiss Advice & Tips  December 27, 2012 at 10:02 PM Giving Love Encounters said...  My name is Madeline and I am 11 years old. We just finished reading your book this morning at breakfast, its amazing and I hope you write another one soon.  I am the oldest of 5 children but soon to be 6 as we are adopting a brand new baby girl in 5 weeks!  Mom says we can make a donation to your ministry and start following your mission.  We love you!  December 28, 2012 at 5:58 AM farmgurl said...  Merry Christmas Katie! Praying for your family.  December 28, 2012 at 7:14 AM Unknown said...  Merry Xtmas dear Katie, from Brazil, we love u, and i cant help amazima with money but i pray for u and amazima every day. U change our lives.  December 28, 2012 at 8:01 AM Unknown said...  Merry Xtmas from Brasil, everybody here loves u. We pray for u always!  December 28, 2012 at 8:03 AM Unknown said...  Merry Christmas Katie from Brasil!  December 28, 2012 at 8:04 AM Sally said...  Happy Christmas to you, dear Katie!  December 28, 2012 at 8:25 AM leah taconet said...  Hi Katie, My name is Leah Taconet and I have really enjoyed your blog!! I am greatly motivated to move on do something with my life (I am 16). Every Thursday I do A "Testimony Thursday" On my Blog and I would really appreciate it if you could do one for me. And share how you were saved , How you were called to Uganda and what your doing over there.Please let me know if this is a possibility or not.Thanks so much for your time. In His Service~Leah  December 28, 2012 at 9:40 AM leah taconet said...  Hi Katie My name is Leah Taconet and I have absolutely loved every moment spent on your blog!!I also feel the Lord's to me for Missions.=) I have a blog and every Thursday I do something I call"Testimony Thursday" and I would Appreciate it if you would be able to guest post once for me. And let me know how you were saved, How you knew you were called to missions and also a little about your work in Uganda. PLease let me know if this is possible for you. Thank you so much for your time. My email is leahtaconet@gmail.com In His Service ~Leah  December 28, 2012 at 9:44 AM Anonymous said...  Just what I needed to be reminded of....thank you Katie  December 28, 2012 at 2:37 PM Benjamyn said...  It is so easy to get lost in the hurry of life. Whether it be caring for children or working in a busy city. Thanks for sharing your heart once again with the world! Mungu ibariki!  December 28, 2012 at 2:53 PM Anonymous said...  Katie, I truly needed to hear this message from you. I lost my father to cancer almost two years ago and being 19 years old currently I struggle with only having one parent. I grieve over his death and constantly think of him. I'm so thankful that I can confidently say he's in Heaven watching down on all of us. As I sit here missing my own father, I can't imagine what those children are dealing with everyday. I know so many have and continue to lose their parents at a young age and are left as orphans. I pray constantly and fervently for them because my heart breaks for them knowing a similar pain in my own heart for my lost loved one. Thankfully we have a wonderful savior who heals the broken hearted and brings beauty to ashes. I continue to read information about Africa because I hope to one day be able to do medical missions there once I earn my nursing degree. I am praying for you and your family regularly and constantly like 1 Thessalonians 5:17 says to do. I hope your Christmas was truly blessed. Sarah Campbell  December 28, 2012 at 3:18 PM Anonymous said...  Merry Christmas Katie, thinking of you all always. You are such an inspiration  December 28, 2012 at 3:45 PM Anonymous said...  You are truly experiencing Christmas. I'm a little envious. Blessings.  December 28, 2012 at 8:54 PM Dalyn said...  Thank you for a gentle and honest reminder. Maybe I'll find room for one more. Make it one more day and then another and remember there is abundant grace when I'm so exhausted I get numb.  December 28, 2012 at 11:12 PM Anonymous said...  Katie, My name is Kimberly and I am moving to Uganda one week from today. I had heard your story last year and then someone gave me your book for Christmas. It was then that i realized that you are from Uganda. So cool! Maybe one day we will meet. (c : Blessings to you today as you keep your eyes on HIS and love on your kiddos!  December 29, 2012 at 6:07 AM Anonymous said...  I dont' think I signed my last message. Blessings Katie. He is Good! Kimberly  Kimbe1115@msn.com  December 29, 2012 at 6:09 AM Judy Salkeld said...  It is evening in Uganda. I learned that from your website! I have just finished reading your book which I checked out from the library as I didn't want to mar the one I purchased for my granddaughter for her birthday in March. You and your family and ministry will now be part of my prayer journal. Blessings, Judy  December 29, 2012 at 7:37 AM Stephanie said...  Hi Katie. I know you can't respond but that is okay. I just wanted you to know that I'm currently reading your book and it is ruining me. I can't help to look around at all the luxuries I have and the excess and feel differently about it. I don't know if you are able to pray for anyone else (you have many things at home to pray about I'm sure!) but it has been on my heart to adopt for some time but my husband is not of the same mind. I am praying the Lord changes his mind and I'm excited (but scared!) to see what will happen. Anyhow I just signed up to sponsor a child in your program and it is the best present I could have given myself - ever! I am praying for you and for your friend and her children that are staying with you. I love how you glorify God at all times and you are such a wonderful example of living in FAITH. I often forget how big our God is. Anyhow, bless you and your beautiful family. I will keep checking to see if you have need for visitors to come help!  December 29, 2012 at 1:42 PM Stephanie said...  Hi Katie. I know you can't respond but that is okay. I just wanted you to know that I'm currently reading your book and it is ruining me. I can't help to look around at all the luxuries I have and the excess and feel differently about it. I don't know if you are able to pray for anyone else (you have many things at home to pray about I'm sure!) but it has been on my heart to adopt for some time but my husband is not of the same mind. I am praying the Lord changes his mind and I'm excited (but scared!) to see what will happen. Anyhow I just signed up to sponsor a child in your program and it is the best present I could have given myself - ever! I am praying for you and for your friend and her children that are staying with you. I love how you glorify God at all times and you are such a wonderful example of living in FAITH. I often forget how big our God is. Anyhow, bless you and your beautiful family. I will keep checking to see if you have need for visitors to come help!  December 29, 2012 at 1:43 PM Stephanie said...  Hi Katie. I know you can't respond but that is okay. I just wanted you to know that I'm currently reading your book and it is ruining me. I can't help to look around at all the luxuries I have and the excess and feel differently about it. I don't know if you are able to pray for anyone else (you have many things at home to pray about I'm sure!) but it has been on my heart to adopt for some time but my husband is not of the same mind. I am praying the Lord changes his mind and I'm excited (but scared!) to see what will happen. Anyhow I just signed up to sponsor a child in your program and it is the best present I could have given myself - ever! I am praying for you and for your friend and her children that are staying with you. I love how you glorify God at all times and you are such a wonderful example of living in FAITH. I often forget how big our God is. Anyhow, bless you and your beautiful family. I will keep checking to see if you have need for visitors to come help!  December 29, 2012 at 1:44 PM Tina Caskey said...  Merry Christmas to you too Katie (a few days late but I'm sure you don't mind :-).  And may our Father who came to our world so very long ago, meet us each day in the often frantic-too-much-to-do-too-many-squished-places-in our lives and give us His peace and His grace to carry on.  God bless.  December 29, 2012 at 2:25 PM Anonymous said...  I love it...God's handprints on every day of my life...what a beautiful image! Thank you giving me this wonderful gift to take into the new year.  December 29, 2012 at 2:58 PM Nicole said...  What a blessing you are too these little children, Gods children. Thank you for obeying His calling to Uganda. You are truly making a differnce. I am praying for you! Nicole  December 29, 2012 at 7:07 PM Michael.Robinson said...  Hi, my name is Michael. I am 18. I have a part time job and I don't read much at all. But one of my friends showed me your blog one day and I think I read about 8 posts or so. I could not stop reading and soaking in the truth of the Lord! Your blog is so amazing and it blesses me so much! I wish I could read every post but I only look every once and a while. But every time I read one or two of your blogs it blesses me so much! You are doing the Lords will and you're doing such an awesome job. So inspiring and lovely to see how you display emotion and truth in your posts. Thank you from me to you. Thank you! I pray you are blessed daily and continue to see the love of the Lord poured over your life!  December 29, 2012 at 8:31 PM Amy said...  Wow! Thank you for this! For recognizing His handprints.  December 29, 2012 at 8:57 PM Chelsea.Nicole said...  Kaite, you are such an inspiration. There are no words. I have been to Africa before in 2008 when I was 15 years old. I spent a month in Zambia and a month in South Africa. This Christmas I received your book, something I have wanted for a while. God has used it in such a way that I cannot explain. I cry and I laugh and I feel every emotion. My life is forever changed by each page I read. This summer I feel as if God is calling me back. This time to Jinja <3 I am hoping to work with Ekisa, a ministry that is home to disabled orphans. If Amazima offered any kind of volunteer work, I would come in a heartbeat. I have come to a point where I know God is going to do something big. My life is going to be changed and I need to have faith. Every fear I have goes away when I pick up your book, God is using it in a special way for me. Someday it would be an honor to meet you, God has used YOU to change my life in such a way that I will forever be thankful. You are such a blessing to my life and my future. Keep up your amazing work. You are such a beautiful daughter of God! <3 ~Chelsea Warren 19 Spokane, Washington  December 29, 2012 at 10:58 PM Chelsea.Nicole said...  Kaite, you are such an inspiration. There are no words. I have been to Africa before in 2008 when I was 15 years old. I spent a month in Zambia and a month in South Africa. This Christmas I received your book, something I have wanted for a while. God has used it in such a way that I cannot explain. I cry and I laugh and I feel every emotion. My life is forever changed by each page I read. This summer I feel as if God is calling me back. This time to Jinja <3 I am hoping to work with Ekisa, a ministry that is home to disabled orphans. If Amazima offered any kind of volunteer work, I would come in a heartbeat. I have come to a point where I know God is going to do something big. My life is going to be changed and I need to have faith. Every fear I have goes away when I pick up your book, God is using it in a special way for me. Someday it would be an honor to meet you, God has used YOU to change my life in such a way that I will forever be thankful. You are such a blessing to my life and my future. Keep up your amazing work. You are such a beautiful daughter of God! <3 ~Chelsea Warren 19 Spokane, Washington  December 29, 2012 at 10:59 PM Chelsea.Nicole said...  Kaite, I commented on here are few hours ago, Ive read page after page on this blog and I cannot get enough. What I would give to walk a day side by side with you, to be mentored by you and get a glimpse of your beautiful life. I have been praying and will be continuing to pray about this. I have a very personal thing to ask. Would you pray and consider having an intern for a few months maybe longer? I do not know what God has in store for me. God has called and I am here to listen and be obedient. I dont know His plans for my future or even for tomorrow, but I know I am to return to Africa. I am ready to give more. To be more. I am ready for this journey Katie. I thought I knew what my future was to look like, I now have no idea. I am ready to see the fathers extravagant heart. As strange as it is I feel like your one of the few people in the world who understand my heart for this. God has used you in a special way in my life. I am ready to love the Lord with all my heart. I am ready to walk away from the comfort of my life and GIVE all I have to offer. I want to join this journey that is far from over. I would love to hear back from you, and your thoughts on this. Thank you so much <3 here is my email:  chelsea.nicole.warren@gmail.com  ~Chelsea Warren 19 Spokane, Washington  December 30, 2012 at 1:25 AM Diana said...  Praying for this family and praising God for grace..that cleanses and purifies. A big hug from someone God sent your way as a new prayer warrior.  December 30, 2012 at 9:22 AM Anonymous said...  Hi I got your book for Christmas and I've been praying for you since I started it. I think what your doing is amazing, Thank you for it. God Bless ALL of you! :)  December 30, 2012 at 10:13 AM Scott, Sally, Maggie and Anna Leist said...  Amen sweet sister. May we all experience our precious Lord in the squished places of our lives. Thanks for the reminder. Praying for that dear momma on your floor.  December 30, 2012 at 10:47 AM Sandra Hansee said...  I am extremely humbled by reading your blog! I received your book and three bracelets as a Christmas present from a very special daughter-in-law. I will pass it on to the next woman/teenager after reading about what our tremendous Lord has and continues to do in your life. He is our strength and you are His servant by allowing yourself to be unselfishly used by Him. Thank you Katie  December 30, 2012 at 1:23 PM Kathy P. said...  Praying for Katherine. Praying for you, Katie. And for mothers and children everywhere.  December 30, 2012 at 2:18 PM pouredout4him said...  How i love that truth, Katie. Thank you for sharing these thoughts. I have recently shared with atheists, vegans who wonder at the mystery that "so many amazing accidents occurred in just the perfect sequence to create our universe, our first spark of life...". So lost and blinded to the truth and wonder of this child, this Saviior, this King and CREATOR GOD, who loves us so immeasurably rather than one who judges us so harshly as they have been led to believe.  All that freedom, hope, and light, wrapped up in such an amazingly helpless and dependent child, by choice, by design, so that He could be the perfect One to take our place for our failures.  My life is given to sharing this wondrous truth, and to teaching the evidence of creation, the flood, and to sharing the Life that comes only from the Child who is our Father.  Know you are beautiful and loved in His eyes, and by His children, as are all those in your embrace. Joy of the Lord to you my sister!  December 30, 2012 at 4:50 PM HisWaysAreGreater said...  You're so inspirational to me. Thank you for these posts. It always sets me in the right place because so often in our modern society we lose what it's all about. We should be trying to live for God. Thankfully, the grace God has given enables us to do that. You have been a blessing in my life because of how you have lived that calling out.  Thank you.  December 30, 2012 at 4:52 PM Robert and Kelli said...  Thank you for this sweet reminder of what Christmas is all about. Grace and Peace to you!  December 30, 2012 at 7:46 PM ACinBG said...  I stumbled across your blog after reading your book and this was the first post I read. First, thank you for allowing God to use you in the "squished places" with all of those beautiful children and families. When thinking about Jesus being born in the lowest and most humble of places, I can't help but smile. God loves to use people that others see as the lowest of low. It's when people are humbled before God, that his Grace is at it's fullest. It should bring all of us joy to know that God delights in using the "ordinary" to do his extraordianry work. It can just be a challenge to stay focused on God when we are in these humble moments. I am praying that you continue to find strenght in the times of hardship and struggle. Just know that God is using you to show the love to all of your kids and community, the way he showed the entire world his love when he came to us.  December 30, 2012 at 8:05 PM Honey I'm Home Blog said...  Thank you so much, Katie for a wonderful year of reading your inspirational blog. I am always so touched by your family & the work you are doing there. May God bless & keep you all in the new year!  Warmly, Michelle Faith, Trust & Pixie Dust  December 30, 2012 at 8:43 PM Anonymous said...  Hi Katie: You are a blessing and an inspiration. I have been meaning to write to ask you for prayer. I know that you are a stranger and yet you are my sister in Christ so I'm asking for prayer despite the fact that we have never met. Will you pray for me that God will reveal to me how I can serve him with my life. I have such student debt that I cannot figure out how to leave my current work to do work for him. I know that God can make a way if it is His will. Will you also pray for me about this path. Thanks for sharing your love of Christ with your kids and with us. Love, Michele  December 31, 2012 at 2:07 AM MIa Myung said...  Thank you always for being an inspiration and a blessing in my life through your book and blog posts. As I read your blog, I could reflect on the real meaning of Christmas and be once again reminded of God's most precious and worthy gift for all, baby Jesus. I pray for you and your family. Merry Christmas and Blessing New Year! With love, Mia Myung in Atlanta, GA  December 31, 2012 at 6:13 AM MIa Myung said...  Thank you always for being an inspiration and a blessing in my life through your book and blog posts. As I read your blog, I could reflect on the real meaning of Christmas and be once again reminded of God's most precious and worthy gift for all, baby Jesus. I pray for you and your family. Merry Christmas and Blessing New Year! With love, Mia Myung in Atlanta, GA  December 31, 2012 at 6:14 AM MIa Myung said...  Thank you always for being an inspiration and a blessing in my life through your book and blog posts. As I read your blog, I could reflect on the real meaning of Christmas and be once again reminded of God's most precious and worthy gift for all, baby Jesus. I pray for you and your family. Merry Christmas and Blessing New Year! With love, Mia Myung in Atlanta, GA  December 31, 2012 at 6:14 AM MIa Myung said...  Thank you always for being an inspiration and a blessing in my life through your book and blog posts. As I read your blog, I could reflect on the real meaning of Christmas and be once again reminded of God's most precious and worthy gift for all, baby Jesus. I pray for you and your family. Merry Christmas and Blessing New Year! With love, Mia Myung in Atlanta, GA  December 31, 2012 at 6:14 AM MIa Myung said...  Thank you always for being an inspiration and a blessing in my life through your book and blog posts. As I read your blog, I could reflect on the real meaning of Christmas and be once again reminded of God's most precious and worthy gift for all, baby Jesus. I pray for you and your family. Merry Christmas and Blessing New Year! With love, Mia Myung in Atlanta, GA  December 31, 2012 at 6:15 AM MIa Myung said...  Thank you always for being an inspiration and a blessing in my life through your book and blog posts. As I read your blog, I could reflect on the real meaning of Christmas and be once again reminded of God's most precious and worthy gift for all, baby Jesus. I pray for you and your family. Merry Christmas and Blessing New Year! With love, Mia Myung in Atlanta, GA  December 31, 2012 at 6:15 AM MIa Myung said...  Thank you always for being an inspiration and a blessing in my life through your book and blog posts. As I read your blog, I could reflect on the real meaning of Christmas and be once again reminded of God's most precious and worthy gift for all, baby Jesus. I pray for you and your family. Merry Christmas and Blessing New Year! With love, Mia Myung in Atlanta, GA  December 31, 2012 at 6:15 AM Jen said...  Katie,  I finished your book yesterday, in one day, and I want you to know how much your words and your life emanate Jesus. I am giving your book to everyone I know. I am praying for you constantly! I am asking Jesus to put your name on my heart when you need prayers for strength and energy. What God does through you makes me so excited!! The bible in action. If you ever are in need of anything, please ask me, a California girl, to help. I am praying in earnest for God to tell me how to help you and your ministry. Above all, I want to do His will.  Thank You for being so special! Jen Jenmary4@gmail.com  December 31, 2012 at 2:03 PM Jaclyn said...  I went on a mission trip to Guatemala this past summer. This was my first mission trip, and I was terrified! But after that trip, I felt like everything I had planned for my life completely changed. I hadn't realized until I read several of your posts that I felt this way because I want to be a missionary. I want to work in Guatemala in the same way as you worked in Africa. I just can't imagine what my parents will have to say about this. I was wondering if you could give tips on how one might tell this to their parents and truly convince them that this is God's plan for me.  December 31, 2012 at 5:29 PM Amy Morehead said...  I am praying for you and your family Katie.I also will pray for your friends there.GOD has used you tremendously in my life through your book. I have 2 sons and I think of you and pray for you daily.Proverbs 16:20. GOD Bless :) Amy  December 31, 2012 at 7:37 PM Molly said...  Merry Christmas, Katie! Like many others who have commented on your posts, I have been so encouraged to hear about the work you are doing in Uganda. Your beautifully written blog posts are filled with joy and love from our Savior.  I, like many others, will be praying for you this Christmas season and New Year. Peace and grace to you!  December 31, 2012 at 10:46 PM Molly said...  Merry Christmas, Katie! Like many others who have commented on your posts, I have been so encouraged to hear about the work you are doing in Uganda. Your beautifully written blog posts are filled with joy and love from our Savior.  I, like many others, will be praying for you this Christmas season and New Year. Peace and grace to you!  December 31, 2012 at 10:46 PM Anonymous said...  Love this Christmas reflection. I flew back to a ministry I work with in Honduras and read your book most of the flight back, choking back tears on page after page. It soaked into all those rough patches of my heart that seemed others couldn't quite get. It expanded those things that I wasn't courageous enough to step into by faith. It put into words the beatings of the gospel's heart. I'm only half way through as I let the words sink past the minds control and into the Spirits heart control, I'm being renewed by reading your story, and it is so necessary and such a gift. Just wanted to share and say thanks. Your words most certainly are Spirit filled and real, and I'm going to steal a few of them for a new years reflection because the reality is....they have to be shared as all raw truth should. Happy New Years, and thank you.  December 31, 2012 at 10:54 PM Anonymous said...  “Surprise, I am right here. Surprise, it is just as I said it would be. Surprise, I am exactly enough, everything you need, all over again.” I prayed and He could have pulled the answer right out of His pocket. But He didn’t, because He loves me too much and His way is better. Just as a parent delights in playing with and surprising her children, just as I delight in throwing my already-pajama-clad clan into the van for a spur of the moment, late night ice cream run or putting little gifts and notes of encouragement on their pillows, so He is with me. I can laugh with my Father because He is a parent who delights in surprising His children, a friend who loves doing something extra special for his closest pal. I can laugh with Jesus, because He is too good to me. Life changes in an instant and we are but grass that withers. And God holds all of the chaos in the palm of His hand, giving even the pain a purpose.  A year later I can say, “yes, this year has been the hardest yet. Really though, it has also been the best. And I would do it all again if He asked me to.” Because faithful God did not let go of our hands. I am young and I know the most difficult times are not behind us. But as I rest in Him and draw near I am learning much and I am remembering that I am one of His favorites. And even in the middle of a storm, even when I can’t see the good yet, He can. And He is looking at me with that twinkle in His eye, just waiting to surprise. julienyhoff.blogspot.com  January 1, 2013 at 9:34 AM Laura McKenzie said...  God bless you and your family Katie. I am daily inspired by your faithfulness--and your God-centered love. I have sent your book to countless friends and family because I know that God wishes them to hear His message through you. Happy New Year!  January 1, 2013 at 12:58 PM Unknown said...  Thank you Katie!  January 2, 2013 at 7:44 AM Unknown said...  Hello Katie, I have been wanting to leave my high paying job to help others. I often feel ashamed that I am just now waking up. I have been researching and trying to figure this all out. I walked into the book store and was drawn to your book. I have loved every word that you have written. I have been expecting more and praying bold for God to show me the way. Why don't you have an official fundraising organization in the states? I would be greatful to join your organization and help with contacts I have here that could continue to support you. God Bless you and those wonderful children. God's Peace!  January 2, 2013 at 4:02 PM Alyjefferson said...  I am so blessed my your life and story. I pray that Lord bless you, your girls, and your ministry.  January 2, 2013 at 5:53 PM Lisa said...  Hi Katie, I just finished reading your book, and some of your blog. Thank you for sharing your life with us, and thank you for sharing your heart. God is doing amazing things through you, and i can promise you that you have touched my life in ways I have not been able to put words to. I will be following you, praying for you and your amazing girls and praying to find ways to open my heart the way you have.  God Bless, Lisa  January 2, 2013 at 8:58 PM mom said...  Katie, you have obviously been gifted with the ability to share your light thousands of miles away from us.... we who are blessed to receive your inspiration, joy, goodness and faith. " Ye are the light of the world. A city that is set on an hill cannot be hid.Neither do men light a candle, and put it under a bushel, but on a candlestick; and it giveth light unto all that are in the house.Let your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father which is in heaven." Matthew 5:14-17  January 4, 2013 at 11:04 PM Tammy Gillmore said...  YOU are such an inspiration. I am now reading your book...and am inspired to love ever more.  Through your many tests, you are such a testimony, and I am praying for you, your family, and your service to our Lord...right now.  I will be sharing your story here in Arkansas to all that will listen!  Many blessings to you!  January 4, 2013 at 11:25 PM His Grace Abounds said...  Thank you so much for this, Katie!When I read the words of your blog, I can always expect it to be exactly what I need to hear, exactly when I need to hear it. I thank you for your example, Katie, and your boldness to follow Christ. He has a plan for your life, and He has shown himself strong! I can't wait to see how He continues to use you and work through your life! What specifics can I be praying for you now? Keep following! Madelyn Winslow, NH  January 5, 2013 at 11:11 AM madiLeigh said...  hi katie! my name is mady and i am 15 years old. i just wanted you to know that i am reading your book and it is amazing!!!! i am a missionary in guatemala with my mom and dad, 2 sisters and 1 brother. we run a boys academy. they come to play soccer and for help with hw. our vision is to chang the village that we live in. to help that boys grow into men after god's own heart and for these boys to change their own village! your book has been very inspiring and i have related a lot to things you have said... if you wan you can check out my dad's blog: bvboys.com and deepstreamguatemala.com!  January 5, 2013 at 2:37 PM Unknown said...  Katie,  I've been blessed to read this post tonight. I currently live in the US as a college student, but it's been on my heart for a while to leave this place and this lifestyle, and I have a feeling God will be bringing me over your way once I've got my teaching degree. I think about this often with longing and excitement. But today, for some reason I've been thinking about all the things I would no longer have if I leave all that I have behind. Getting ready for church this morning, as silly as it sounds, I stopped to think, "I won't really be able to get all dolled up and feel pretty anymore (not in the same way, anyhow)," which is something I have a lot of fun with these days. I thought, "I probably won't be able to keep my beloved dog or have my three therapeutic cups of coffee a day." Thinking about these things did not in any way change my mind, but the last thing I thought about started to really bum me out. I was looking at my Christmas tree, all lit up (the one I just can't bring myself to take down yet), and I thought about all of the things I have valued about the Christmas season over the years and that I would probably miss dearly if I wasn't here anymore. Curling up by the fire to watch a Christmas movie and drink hot chocolate with my sisters. Gathering with the whole family for our annual Christmas party. And, yes, waking up to presents and snow on Christmas morning. This has always been my favorite time of the year and for a few minutes I really struggled with the reality that I won't always continue to make those kinds of memories. Then I was lead to your blog and read your post. What I love most about Christmas is the unexplainable joy that I've associated all of these silly traditions with over the years. I realize though that I was associating it with the wrong things and that, if anything, leaving behind these "riches" will only bring more joy, as that is what Jesus did when He joined us on that beautiful night. Thank you for reminding me of where the joy of Christmas time really comes from.  May God continue to bless you in every way.  Sarah  January 6, 2013 at 7:18 PM Rae said...  "Because when our love is not enough, His was. His is." (From your post awhile back.)  This statement has been running through my head- I sincerely appreciate that God speaks through His kids. You are a valuable instrument of His LOVE for all of us.  Thank you Lord, for loving us "as is."  Praying for you, your daughters, extended family and friends. I am also praying for those around you who are NOT your friends- who need HIS LOVE.  January 7, 2013 at 12:20 AM Sarah Martin said...  Katie, I spent July in Kampala, Uganda and fell in love with the beautiful country! I'm not sure if you've heard of Greenhouse Orphanage but I was there in Kampala! I'm praying for you this morning/evening for you, and am so thankful God is working through you and you are His hands and His feet! Your devotion to serving God so wholeheartedly, obeying is Word to care for the orphans and to feed the hungry is an example of what all of us need to be doing in our lives! God has called me into full-time missions and I said yes, giving my life over to Him allowing Him to tell me where He needs me! I'd love to be back in Uganda where I left my heart, but I'm open to anywhere God calls me! I just know I don't feel called to live in the states! If you have any words of encouragement or advice for me I'd appreciate it! I'm praying for you and everything God is doing through you everyday! Thanks for writing a book to share your heart with the world! How awesome!  January 7, 2013 at 11:15 AM terryg said...  Dear Katie, I loved your book and your passion for these people. Reading your story was such a gift to me. I have now started reading your blog and watching your videos which find me often wiping tears.... I work for a church and upon my suggestion our Sunday School kids are going to give their offerings this quarter to Amazima! I am so excited! We will keep you in our prayers dear Katie! May God continue to bless you and all those you share Jesus with.  January 8, 2013 at 6:58 PM -t- said...  Katie,  Thank you for receiving His love, His grace. and thank you for sharing it so beautifully too.  and i pray that you recognize His handprints all over your day today (:  -t-  January 9, 2013 at 11:27 AM Zeke Johnston said...  Thank you Katie. The Lord really blessed me this evening through your post. Praying for you. -Zeke Johnston  "Thou hast made us for Thyself oh Lord, and our hearts are restless until they find their rest in Thee."-Saint Augustine  January 9, 2013 at 10:25 PM Unknown said...  Hey Katie... I am 18 years old and working in Long Term Care for the elderly. I have been reading them your book and they all love it so much. They listen intently as I read them your story. The majority of them are not Christians but your book stirs up some neat conversations and I am able to reach out to these people. Keep up the great work!!  January 10, 2013 at 11:49 AM Anonymous said...  Thank you Katie for answering your call even when you were afraid! I believe you have changed millions with your story and continued work. May Good bless you, your children and your ministry! Merry Christmas and a blessed New Year!  January 11, 2013 at 1:56 PM Mikcinzixe said...  Thank you SOOO much, Katie! My friend let me borrow your book Sunday and I finished it a few days ago. The day after I literally sat under a table and cried because I was so sick of comfort. I haven't had what most would consider an easy life (my Dad left us ten kids, that were still at home, to my Mom a few years ago after an accident which should have killed him) but I know I am so blessed! I had "my" life all planned out as of a month ago. I would finish college and graduate high school next year. But now I am seriously searching for what orphanage God wants me to go to serve Him at. Thank you for being a true Christ follower!!  January 12, 2013 at 12:33 AM Unknown said...  I read your book a year and half ago and follow your blogs but am not timely in reading them. Just read christmas today and somewhere else where I now know your friend is with Jesus. Is there a relative for the 4 children? I can't get them off my mind! Would there be a chance for them to be adopted in US. Or is that not a good idea? Like I said, God keeps putting them on my heart and I need to help in someway. Please post an update on the children when you have time. I know you are grieving and I will continue to pray for you.  January 12, 2013 at 7:40 AM Sophia Madore said...  Hi Katie! My name is Sophia Madore. I am 13 years old and I am in 8th grade at a Catholic School in Minnesota. I have wrote this letter like 5 times trying to find the perfect words to explain how much I look up to you! I believe everything happens for a reason. My mom got me your book “Kiss from Katie” for Christmas. To be honest I am not a big reader… When I started reading your book I was inspired! I could not stop reading about your adventures in Uganda! God must have pointed out this book to my mom. He must have wanted me to read it. Thank God He did because I see things in a different light, I see things through God. God grace is truly AMAZING! In my town we have lots of youth group stuff; we have Camps, Youth “hang outs”, and Lifeline that I and my friends like to go to. I am truly blessed to live in such a great community! I had my first experience of Lifeline last week. It was at the NET center and 1000 teens gathered together for talks, mass, and my favorite ADORATION! I t was so amazing, It was praise and worship adoration and everyone had their hands up praising God, I could not help but imagine how happy God is and how much grace He was pouring on us. In your book it was raining and everyone was praising God! You said this is God grace and I don’t ever want to get dry…. WOW! To think during these times of happiness filled with God’s grace, is only a slice of Heaven, it is Amazing! Because Heaven is 1000000 times greater! I truly believe God speaks through you! Thanks you so much for writing your book! It has inspired me and now is inspiring my mom! God spoke through you through your book and life! You are Amazing, Faithful, Joyful, and Kind! God must be so happy because of all the lives you changed and are still changing today!! I really want to meet you! I look up to you! Do you have room in Uganda for me? :) I want to be like you. I want to spread Gods word and bring love to others like you! I would love to go on a mission trip someday and do the same! Always remember prayers change things! God is always with you, He is in you! You touched my heart! No words can explain how much God loves you and how much you have inspired me! I hope you had an amazing Christmas! I am keeping you and your family in my prayers! You are the light of Christ you are the light in dark times! May God bless you and your family now and forever :), Sophia Madore  January 12, 2013 at 10:06 AM Sophia Madore said...  Hi Katie! My name is Sophia Madore. I am 13 years old and I am in 8th grade at a Catholic School in Minnesota. I have wrote this letter like 5 times trying to find the perfect words to explain how much I look up to you! I believe everything happens for a reason. My mom got me your book “Kiss from Katie” for Christmas. To be honest I am not a big reader… When I started reading your book I was inspired! I could not stop reading about your adventures in Uganda! God must have pointed out this book to my mom. He must have wanted me to read it. Thank God He did because I see things in a different light, I see things through God. God grace is truly AMAZING! In my town we have lots of youth group stuff; we have Camps, Youth “hang outs”, and Lifeline that I and my friends like to go to. I am truly blessed to live in such a great community! I had my first experience of Lifeline last week. It was at the NET center and 1000 teens gathered together for talks, mass, and my favorite ADORATION! I t was so amazing, It was praise and worship adoration and everyone had their hands up praising God, I could not help but imagine how happy God is and how much grace He was pouring on us. In your book it was raining and everyone was praising God! You said this is God grace and I don’t ever want to get dry…. WOW! To think during these times of happiness filled with God’s grace, is only a slice of Heaven, it is Amazing! Because Heaven is 1000000 times greater! I truly believe God speaks through you! Thanks you so much for writing your book! It has inspired me and now is inspiring my mom! God spoke through you through your book! You are Amazing, Faithful, Joyful, and Kind! God must be so happy because of all the lives you changed and are still changing today!! I really want to meet you! I look up to you! Do you have room in Uganda for me? :) I want to be like you. I want to spread Gods word and bring love to others like you! I would love to go on a mission trip someday and do the same! Always remember prayers change things! God is always with you, He is in you! You touched my heart! No words can explain how much God loves you and how much you have inspired me! I hope you had an amazing Christmas! I am keeping you and your family in my prayers! You are the light of Christ you are the light in dark times! May God bless you and your family now and forever:), Sophia Madore  January 12, 2013 at 10:14 AM Christian the Christian said...  Katie, thank you or your love for these children. Your book is amazing as is your blog. Those children are so blessed to have you. I went to Kenya two years ago on a mission trip and it has changed me forever. My husband is a youth pastor and we have three small children, and I pray that one day God lets us go back. I understand many of e things you mentioned in the book, America and Africa are so very different. I will be praying for you. god has given you a great gift. he called, you responded, and now you get to see the amazing gift of grace and dependence. Laura  January 13, 2013 at 10:21 AM Barbara said...  Katie, I just finished reading your book and was so humbled by your dedication to these precious children and God. May the God we serve surround you and your family with His love and provide just what you need for this moment. Mother Teresa once said I know God only gives me what I can handle but why does He trust me so much. He trust you and I because He knows we are trustworthy! My thoughts and prayers are with you and you girls.  Marbara  January 13, 2013 at 4:20 PM Barbara said...  Just read your book and was so humbled by your dedication to these precious children and God. May God continue to provide just what you need for this moment nothing more nothing less. Mother Teresa once said I know God doesn't give me any more than what I can handle but why does He trust me so much. He sees into our hearts that we are trustworthy. I have been to Africa on a mission trip plan to return in July. The people are awesome!!!  January 13, 2013 at 4:31 PM Lola said...  Katie, thanks so much for telling your story. What a challenge God has set out for me to share His love with others. I began blogging about it and am so excited to begin making a difference in my own little corner of the world one person at a time. I would so appreciate any ideas, suggestions and advice from you or other followers that would advance my mission. Lolasdifference.blogspot.com  January 13, 2013 at 9:21 PM Stephanie said...  Katie; This is my first time reading your blog and it gave me goosebumps and brought tears to my eyes. You captured Christmas and it's true meaning in such a beautiful way. What a blessing you must be to those children and parents in Uganda, sharing the love of Jesus. I'll be keeping you in my prayers. Warmly, Stephanie  January 14, 2013 at 5:16 PM tmkuhn said...  I was given your book to read by a friend. It is so inspiring to read about everything you have done. I have been called on a Mission trip to Uganda on Feb 4th I will be heading to Musana. Your story is amazing and you are so brave. You talk about people in the United States having so much, and I was wondering if people we able to donate items like blankets and things for the people and like what you talked about delivering to the hospitals. I would love to help. Thanks and may God Richly Bless you!! :)  January 14, 2013 at 9:17 PM Mariesa Stombaugh said...  Hi Katie,  I just finished reading your book, and wow it encourages me in my walk as well as re-ignites my passion for missions. I am 24 and have always had a heart for helping those who need it most and have been on many mission trips and even lived in third world countries. But after college I have become complacent where I am and I want to thank you for writing your book and once again making me uncomfortable where I am! Your book stirred in my heart my desire to once again live abroad and help those who need it. So thank you!  -Mariesa Stombaugh  January 15, 2013 at 8:14 AM Birte said...  Dear Katie! It's weird, it feels like I know you, just because I've read your book. And I would love to just get on a plane and come to Uganda, to see with my own eyes how your life is like. In october I was in Ethiopia for 10 days, my school here in Norway is financially helping a school-project in Arba-Minch, south in Ethiopia, so poor children can get the opportunity to get an education. And some students from my school (including me) were chosen to join this trip, so that we could see how much this aid actually means for the ethiopian people, and then report our experiences back to our schoolmates here in Norway when we returned. This trip gave me a whole new perspective, and I learned a lot about a new people and how God is working all over the world, Thank God! In many ways I felt the same way as you tell in your book, and since I was a little girl I've alway been facinated of Africa, and the dark-skinned people. And one of the reasons why I wanted to join this trip to Ethiopia, was because I've had this little feeling or maybe it's Gods plan for me, but anyway, I've had a little dream to go to Africa, or actually anywhere in the world, where God need me, and help people and spread his word and love. So I thank you for sharing your testimony and experiences in Uganda! Your book has been a huge encouragement and inspiration to me. And I just LOVE the way that you are depending on God, that you just lay your life in his hands, and let him take control. So I just want to say Thank you soo much, and God bless you heavenly! I pray for you and your work, that it will provide lots of blessings in peoples life, and I'm sure it does! :)  January 16, 2013 at 1:56 PM Anonymous said...  Thank you for your wonderful book. It was a gift to me from one of our church home bound members. The book has changed my life. I read your blog and pray for you often. As a Pastor I thank God for you dedication and love for the unlovely. May God bless you as you continue to follow the Master.   January 16, 2013 at 4:07 PM Anonymous said...  I am so thankful to have found your blog this week. We just lost our 2.5 year old foster daughter after two years of fostering and pursuing adoption. I cry when I think of your Jane and my Mia and all that is lost. But I find some hope in the way you have come out with a stronger faith than before. I have been writing about the process on my blog under the "foster care" category, but it's only been four and a half weeks since we lost her and only ten and a half since they told us she was leaving, so I am fully in the grieving stage and not as firm in my trust of God yet...I know He is perfect but it will take time for my heart to catch up. Thank you for writing in your book and here online...it is God's blessing that we children of His can bring comfort to each other in our darkest times.  January 17, 2013 at 1:04 PM Anonymous said...  katie-  i am moved by you and your actions. the love you give is incredible. i am sure you would say you receive the same in return! is there a need for volunteers with amazima? whether in the u.s. or uganda? i am a flight attendant, and have passed the book to coworkers/friends who would all be interested in helping. please contact me if we can help. mbez.1026@gmail.com sending love and positive thoughts! cyndi goodreid  January 17, 2013 at 6:00 PM maggie may said...  i'm praying for this family. how are they doing now?  January 18, 2013 at 6:31 PM Anonymous said...  Katie, I finished reading your book minutes ago. I finished it in two days, despite having a painful eye infection, because I just couldn't put it down. What God has done and is doing in your life is truly amazing. I pray God will use me where I am to do all He wants me to do and be all He wants me to be. Hugs from a like-minded sister, Lori  January 18, 2013 at 6:44 PM Anonymous said...  Hey Katie, I've been thinking a lot about you and Uganda, and I didn't stumble upon your blog for nothing. God has touched my heart through you and your work, and you and Uganda have inspired me, and confirmed my path to love the orphans. As I was reading my Bible today, and thinking and praying for you and your mission, I opened my Bible to 2 Corinthians 2:1-4, and it reminded me of something you would put on your blog. Prayers with you always, Grace C.  January 18, 2013 at 8:12 PM Anonymous said...  You have a very beautiful family. The book was a wonderful story and now time for a sequel. You have done an amazing job with the help of our Saviour. Thank the Lord for people like you that have a heart for this mission. I had checked into that after retiring and they told me I needed a college education and that I was too old. I wish I would have known about your type of situation. Now it is too late as I am the primary caregiver for my 3 year old greatgrandson. And that is a BLESSING. Thank you for all that you do everyday.I will remember you in prayer.  January 20, 2013 at 7:44 PM Victoria (Tori) said...  Katie, I write this almost in tears because I am so thankful for your book, for your inspiration and for you family. I am around the same age as you, in a transition time in my life. I received your book and one of your blue necklaces for Christmas. I can honestly say they were the best Christmas gifts I recieved. I have been discerning my path from God for some time and your story, girls, and your connections to scripture have inspired me and challenged me to continue to say yes to all He asks of me. I am planning on traveling to Ethopia this summer with my boyfriend who is from South Sudan to meet his family for the first time. I have been excited/nervous about the trip. After reading your book and spending time in prayer, I have been given a renewed sense of hope, grace, and a reminder that I have desires to do more for Him and he will be with me whereever I go. You remind me that just because I am a twenty something teacher with college debt from the states, I still have much to offer and am loved. Just as the disciples were just regular men, without much else to offer but their lives to God. Please know that I have been raving about your book to almost everyone I meet. I know it sounds strange, but I really would love to meet you some day and just be able to spend time with you and see you in action. I do not know if this will ever happen or be possible, but I feel like we are strangely connected even though I have never met you before. God bless you, your beatiful girls, and all whom you work with in Uganda.  In Peace of Chirst, Tori  January 21, 2013 at 7:22 PM knowing ageexperts.net said...  Praise the Lord out God all the time. His Mercy and Love resigns forever.  January 22, 2013 at 1:46 AM Unknown said...  Dear Katie and girls,  May you all have a blessed, blessed New Year. Your story is such a wonderful inspiration to me. There is power in your service in Africa, and I think you would be the first to agree that it is a power not of yourself, but of God. Only He can bring such beauty out of the chaos of everyday life, such certainty in the middle of uncertainty. What a beautiful paradox our God is! I pray that you all may be given the strength to rise up every morning and to say "This is the day that the Lord hath made, let us rejoice and be glad in it."  May He be with you in all your joys and struggles! Carolyn in Michigan  January 22, 2013 at 6:57 PM Danielle said...  Hi Katie ! Love your book, my husband and I are in Kenya trying to start a feeding program and are wanting to look at succesful ones to get ideas. I know you are busy please comment if you have time ! Praying for you and your kids !  January 23, 2013 at 2:56 AM Danielle said...  Hey katie ! Love your book ! My husband and I are in Kenya working as houseparents at an orphanage and are trying to start a feeding program and would love to come check yours out if thats possible. Thanks for your time !  January 23, 2013 at 2:57 AM Thea said...  i'am sooo encouraged........Jesus come with youre strenght that's making this women soo strong,,,,i am stretching out to the same, just where i am....in my family!!! Thank you Katie!! Love Thea from the Netherlands  January 24, 2013 at 1:57 AM Anonymous said...  Hey, Katie! My name is Gabrielle. I am 15 and i am in a freshmen Bible class at Lakewood Park Christian School in Indiana. We are reading the book, kisses from Katie and we journal after every chapter. One of my classmates had a crazy idea!! "What if we take a missions trip to Uganda! What if we meet Katie?!"  My Bible teacher is my Aunt. Her name is Lauri. She was totally moved by the Holy Spirit when she was asked to take us on a missions trip to Uganda.  We were reading chapter 10 and it was about how God made the impossible, possible. We didn't think that going to Uganda was possible, but after that chapter we all believed and had overflowing faith in this adventure to Africa. Crazy right?!  My best friend, Kendall and I have been looking up plane tickets and our class has been thinking of fund raisers so that we would be able to go. Everything seems to be pulling together. Every girl in my class is overflowing with excitement. (One of the girls literally jumps up and down every time we talk about it!)  I feel like this HAS to happen! God is moving all of us and shaping our hearts to Uganda. Being in a slump with God is not fun and I want to get out of the slump immediately! This missions trip would be life changing and I wanted to share this with you to see if you could give us a lot of prayer. If God moves us to come to Uganda, we would LOVE to help with anything we can. Maybe even meeting your beautiful daughters! Through reading this book, we feel like we already know and love your daughters!  Our theme saying for this missions trip is "simply love." We would be ecstatic to give simply love to as many kids as we can in our week there. We would love to keep in contact. Our goal is to come to Uganda early June of 2013. Thanks so much!  If you feel led to reply, please do so at, gasinn@lpstudent.org  Love, Gabrielle.  January 25, 2013 at 11:18 AM Ruthie said...  My name is Ruthie, and I am also 13 yrs old. I feel the same exact way about "being Katie when I grow up". I used to just pray because I knew it was the right thing to do, but when I read Kisses From Katie, I realized the importance of prayer and the importance of listening to God's response. I also want to go to another country and help, even though I am not sure how I'll do it. All I know is that if God wants it to happen, I will make it happen! Your Sister in Christ, Ruthie  January 25, 2013 at 7:42 PM allie_metcalf said...  Katie! I just was told to read your book, I bought it last night, found myself sobbing in a coffee shop this morning, your heart is so beautiful!  January 25, 2013 at 9:01 PM Michawn said...  hi there. just kind of catching up a bit on your blog...been a few months since i was free to venture over here. is the mother of 5 still with us? thanks for providing us a little window into your life here. prayers and hugs.  January 26, 2013 at 10:40 PM Marcy said...  Katie,  I just finished reading your book tonight. Thank you for doing what you do and for sharing it with us all. May you and your family and your work always continue to be blessed, and may the rest of us be inspired to do our part too.  January 28, 2013 at 10:36 PM Lisa Petrarca said...  What a true and honest testament of our Savior Jesus Christ. God bless you for fulfilling His calling on your life...for trusting in Him. I pray the Lord continues to fill you and your kids up till you overflow!  I just purchased your book today at the Christian bookstore after the clerk came up to me and said, I'm giving up my last copy that I put aside for me...I think you'd really enjoy this.  Coincidence?? I truly believe there is no such thing...only God instances. I'm excited to be inspired and led towards God's good and perfect will! I will be donating as soon as I get paid...along with forwarding to several other friends and family to help in your amazing calling! God bless you and all your angels!  February 1, 2013 at 12:23 AM Unknown said...  Hey Katie,  It's been a while since we have heard from you. Praying everything is okay. You guys have been on my heart the past couple of days. Blessings and protection to you all from the Father above.  Ali  February 2, 2013 at 6:01 AM Anonymous said...  Hi Katie,  i got your book for Christmas, and have recently finished it. You have inspired me so much. I have been trying to understand what it means to serve God, the way you do. And I don't have it down yet, but I've learned that when i put my complete trust in God, He moves me so much. And I feel like you do an amazing job of that. Trusting in Him, and letting Him lead you, not the other way around. I pray for you and your children. You've become my role model. I love you so very much. Thank you for your work in Africa, for your work to the families and children, and for you love to serve. Continually praying for you, em  February 3, 2013 at 1:16 PM Alyssa said...  Hi Katie! I just finished your book, and i just wanted to say what a blessing and encouragement it was for me. It showed me how i need to just love. Love the Lord with all of me, and with His love to give it away. It is so amazing what God is doing through you! Thank you so much! I am praying for your ministry and also for you! Love, Alyssa A.  February 6, 2013 at 6:40 AM Anonymous said...  Dear Katie, My name is Anna and I live in Knoxville, TN. I want so much to be like you...To be able to say yes to Jesus and His mission and be so filled with joy and love that I would be willing to go to Uganda. I have a heart and a little dream to be able to go there and help you side by side and maybe God put that there. :) I am reading your book right now and it's just so amazing. I love you and your girls and your country already!!! Hoping to meet you one day, lovingly, Anna. P.S. Save a place for me okay? :)  February 7, 2013 at 8:36 AM Suzanne said...  You are such an inspiration, Katie. I am reading your book right now and it is challenging me so much to love what I'm doing; I just got down to Guatemala to live there for 3 months and teach English to second and third graders in the public school. I listened to God's call to do it, and I am asking Him to change the way I see the world and what He wants me to do. I am loving your book!  February 7, 2013 at 7:03 PM Carol Adkins said...  Katie, What a beautiful story you are telling! I loved your book and read it cover to cover in just one day. I have just returned from Haiti on a mission trip to a small orhanage in Williamson. I have been unable to communitcate effectively my recent experience there because words just aren't enough. You seemed to say it all in your book for me. I understand with all of my heart your burning dersire to be in Uganda. I yearn for the children in the village of Williamson that way. It's all I can think about these days. I accoumpanied my 18 year old son (his 3rd trip in a year) to Haiti over Christmas break of his senior year. He too seemed to struggle with how to put the experience to words. I thought for a time it was just his age or that he was a guy but I now know that its because his heart is so full it seems impossible to express. It so precious that the Lord would drag me all the way to Haiti to speak to me. (Or maybe I just dont listen intently enough at home). I am from Jackson Tennessee and the Lord has allowed me to biologically mother four beautiful children and in all of God's glory he has made room in my heart for 34 more children in Haiti that I call mine...even if the only thing I can do for them from here is pray. There is one little boy that stole my heart... not because of the wide bright smile and open arms but because of the pain I saw in his eyes and face void of a smile. His quiet and shy personality just drew me closer. No English is spoken there so communciating with Nelson is a challenge. If you could pray for this little boy they nicknamed Pepe', I would be greatful. I know God is teaching me something here. Thank you for serving Uganda and my prayer for you will always be that "one child at a time" that country and Haiti will be forever changed. Love in Christ Carol Adkins  February 11, 2013 at 11:31 AM Anonymous said...  Katie, What a beautiful story you are telling! I loved your book and read it cover to cover in just one day. I have just returned from Haiti on a mission trip to a small orhanage in Williamson. I have been unable to communitcate effectively my recent experience there because words just aren't enough. You seemed to say it all in your book for me. I understand with all of my heart your burning dersire to be in Uganda. I yearn for the children in the village of Williamson that way. It's all I can think about these days. I accoumpanied my 18 year old son (his 3rd trip in a year) to Haiti over Christmas break of his senior year. He too seemed to struggle with how to put the experience to words. I thought for a time it was just his age or that he was a guy but I now know that its because his heart is so full it seems impossible to express. It so precious that the Lord would drag me all the way to Haiti to speak to me. (Or maybe I just dont listen intently enough at home). I am from Jackson Tennessee and the Lord has allowed me to biologically mother four beautiful children and in all of God's glory he has made room in my heart for 34 more children in Haiti that I call mine...even if the only thing I can do for them from here is pray. There is one little boy that stole my heart... not because of the wide bright smile and open arms but because of the pain I saw in his eyes and face void of a smile. His quiet and shy personality just drew me closer. No English is spoken there so communciating with Nelson is a challenge. If you could pray for this little boy they nicknamed Pepe', I would be greatful. I know God is teaching me something here. Thank you for serving Uganda and my prayer for you will always be that "one child at a time" that country and Haiti will be forever changed. Love in Christ Carol Adkins caroladkins@mac.com  February 11, 2013 at 11:36 AM Xandra said...  Katie, I, like you, have a heart for kids in Africa. I am trying to find someone of a mentor. If you wouldn't mind (and if you have the time, haha) would you, please, email me at xandra.phillips14@gmail.com. I have a few questions for you. Thank you!  February 12, 2013 at 9:16 AM Xandra said...  Katie, I have been called to missions and I would love to talk to you if at all possible. If you have time can you please email me at xandra.phillips14@gmail.com Thank you so much!  - Xandra  February 12, 2013 at 9:27 AM Anonymous said...  You see such hard things, every single day, and point people to the only place of real hope. We lost a loved one in our community last year, a model who left this place seemingly, all to soon. If you wish to read and encourage others through one more story of hope, feel free: http://lugarandcompany.wordpress.com/2012/06/15/in-honor-of-sara/  May He peace your peace in the midst of such difficult things!  March 10, 2013 at 2:17 PM Anonymous said...  You see such hard things, every single day, and point people to the only place of real hope. We lost a loved one in our community last year, a model who left this place seemingly, all to soon. If you wish to read and encourage others through one more story of hope, feel free: http://lugarandcompany.wordpress.com/2012/06/15/in-honor-of-sara/  May He peace your peace in the midst of such difficult things!  March 10, 2013 at 2:19 PM Paige said...  Hi Katie. My comment is the same as above. I'm young, but I've always told myself Uganda was a place that I was always going to do missionary work. Then I found your book. I'd really like to chat to you, could you email me at: paige-b@live.co.za ? I understand if you are busy :)  March 29, 2013 at 4:52 AM Jordan Stratton said...  Wow. I truly admire your faith in God. Your view of Him is so precious. Truly inspiring. I want to strive to be like that.  As I read the part where you mentioned the rain falling on the roof, it immediately started pouring down rain onto the building I am in. I think that was God. No, I KNOW it was God. I've been having a hardc time spiritually (spiritual warfare and such) lately and a friend of mine encouraged me to check out your blog. I'm so glad that I did. I'm not sure if you'll be able to read this or not, but that's not what matters. Thank thank you for sharing your heart. It truly has affected me.  - Jordan  March 29, 2013 at 8:23 PM Anonymous said...  make your wedding unforgettable simply take images or video of them and show it san francisco wedding video  June 20, 2013 at 3:07 AM  Post a Comment  Newer Post Older Post Home Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom)  Popular Posts    • my heart spilled...     Disclaimer: This post was hard to write, and for some it will be hard to read. I prayed before I posted and I do believe that it is what the...   • What we've been up to...     It is a bit overwhelming to realize that you have bled your whole heart – the ugly sin, the raw emotion, the unbridled truth – out ...   • (no title)      I  can’t believe that it has been over a month now since I patted my sweet friend’s head as I said goodnight to her small frame on my c...   • (no title)     "So these are your treatment options..." I choke back a sob and let my voice trail off. How do I present a 30 year old mother o...   • Healer God     November “You are right.” He says. I look up into the shy smile I have grown to love so much. Day 178 of bandaging this wound, and it ...   • (no title)     She reaches for my hand and smiles. I reach for hers and I force a smile back, force myself to look truly joyful. I want her to know ...   • (no title)     Some people get presents under their Christmas tree. Me? I get a family of 5. 4 children under 8 and their mother sleep on the couches and...   • (no title)     “I thought that if she was just going to die anyway, I should let her die quickly. Then I wouldn’t have to love her, and it wouldn’t have ...   • (no title)                 For years, I have prayed Isaiah 61 over my family, asking the Lord to give beauty for ashes, asking Him to indeed grow these da...   • (no title)     It is my 16th Birthday and I am eating sushi at my favorite restaurant with my parents when I tell them that I would like to explore the pos...  Kisses from Katie  Kisses from Katie  Blog Archive  Translate  About us  make checks payable to Amazima Ministries and send to:  Amazima Ministries International P.O.Box 682521 Franklin, TN 37068-2521   ** If you make a donation by check, PLEASE include your email address so we can email you a thank you. For the cost of one stamp, we can provide a child with TWO meals.**   or donate here using your credit or debit card Simple theme. Powered by Blogger.
__label__cc Skip to content Thu. Mar 5th, 2026 Kelly's Fusionology  食譜作者，著有﹕假日鮮食譜、2人簡餐 、7大烹調技法  Kelly's Fusionology  食譜作者，著有﹕假日鮮食譜、2人簡餐 、7大烹調技法    • Home   • Contact Me     • Home     • 2011     • May     • 「七件事」系列之二     • image_thumb.png  image_thumb.png  By kelly September 11, 2013  Post navigation  「七件事」系列之二  By kelly  Related Post  Leave a Reply Cancel reply  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *  You Missed  飲品湯品 澳門力報專欄  自家釀黑糖梅酒  中華菜式 澳門力報專欄  滑蛋蝦仁炒河粉  西式甜點(各式蛋糕.點心) 澳門力報專欄  士多啤梨夾心忌廉蛋糕  中華菜式 澳門力報專欄  南乳香芋炆排骨  Kelly's Fusionology  食譜作者，著有﹕假日鮮食譜、2人簡餐 、7大烹調技法  Copyright © All rights reserved | Blogus by Themeansar.
__label__cc Skip to content Thu. Mar 5th, 2026 Kelly's Fusionology  食譜作者，著有﹕假日鮮食譜、2人簡餐 、7大烹調技法  Kelly's Fusionology  食譜作者，著有﹕假日鮮食譜、2人簡餐 、7大烹調技法    • Home   • Contact Me     • Home     • 2015     • March     • 家鄉炆米粉     • 23 Mar 2015  23 Mar 2015  By kelly March 28, 2015  Post navigation  家鄉炆米粉  By kelly  Related Post  Leave a Reply Cancel reply  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *  You Missed  飲品湯品 澳門力報專欄  自家釀黑糖梅酒  中華菜式 澳門力報專欄  滑蛋蝦仁炒河粉  西式甜點(各式蛋糕.點心) 澳門力報專欄  士多啤梨夾心忌廉蛋糕  中華菜式 澳門力報專欄  南乳香芋炆排骨  Kelly's Fusionology  食譜作者，著有﹕假日鮮食譜、2人簡餐 、7大烹調技法  Copyright © All rights reserved | Blogus by Themeansar.
__label__cc Nbkeming   • Home   • Products     • Forging Part     • Lost Wax Casting     • Machining Part     • Products     • Sand Casting     • View All Products   • News   • Blog   • Contact us   • About us     • About Us     • Why Choose Us     • Our Team     • Our Service      • Home     • Custom Metal Clothing Labels      Wholesale Custom Metal Clothing Labels Manufacturer and Exporter      Ningbo Yinzhou Ke Ming Machinery Manufacturing Co., Ltd., a leading supplier and manufacturer of custom metal clothing labels in China, is proud to offer premium label solutions to the fashion industry. Our high-quality custom metal clothing labels are made from durable materials and are available in a variety of sizes, shapes, and finishes.      Our expert team of engineers and designers work diligently with clients to craft tailor-made labels that meet your unique brand specifications. Our factory is equipped with state-of-the-art technology and machinery to ensure that all labels are produced with precision and accuracy, and our commitment to fair pricing and efficient manufacturing processes helps to ensure you get the best value for your investment.      Whether you're a fashion designer looking for a unique accessory to add to your latest collection or a clothing brand looking to enhance the quality of your garments, Ningbo Yinzhou Ke Ming Machinery Manufacturing Co., Ltd. can help. Contact us today to learn more about our custom metal clothing labels and how we can help take your fashion brand to the next level!      Featured Products      • Spring, Stainless Steel Spring Metal Spring Nut     • Grey Iron Sand Casting for Machining Casting     • OEM Investment/Precision Stainless Steel Casting, Sand Iron Casting     • Professional Machining Investment Casting Parts     • Steel Lost Wax Casting Part Connect Part for Auto Industrial     • Steel CNC Machining Part with Forging Process     • Precision Ductile Iron Casting and Lost Wax Casting     • China Custom Precision Casting Parts for Electrical     • OEM Precision Steel Casting Valve Parts     • High Quality Customized Painted Iron Sand Casting     • Turning/Milling/Laser Machining Parts with CNC     • Investment Cast Iron Casting Suppliers in China     Top-Quality Custom Metal Clothing Labels: Your #1 Manufacturer     • Our custom metal clothing labels are the perfect way to add a touch of elegance and sophistication to your clothing line. Made from high-quality metal, these labels can be customized to suit your brand's unique style and color scheme. With our state-of-the-art equipment and experienced team of professionals, we can create a range of labels that will enhance the quality and appeal of your products. Our custom metal labels are perfect for use on a range of clothing items, including jackets, suits, shirts, and jeans. They are durable and long-lasting, ensuring that your branding remains intact and visible for years to come. Our labels can be made in a variety of sizes and shapes, and we can even add custom text or graphics to make them personalized to your brand. At our company, we take pride in delivering high-quality products that are unmatched in the industry. Our team of experts will work closely with you to ensure that your custom metal clothing labels meet your specific needs and requirements. We are dedicated to providing our clients with exceptional customer service, fast turnaround times, and competitive pricing. In conclusion, our custom metal clothing labels are the perfect way to take your clothing line to the next level. They are made from high-quality materials, can be personalized to your brand, and will provide your products with an added touch of elegance and sophistication. Contact us today to learn more about our custom metal clothing labels and how they can benefit your business.     Reviews      • Not Found APIKEY        Ningbo Yinzhou Ke Ming Machinery Manufacturing Co., Ltd. is proud to announce the launch of their all-new Stainless Steel 16" Casting Ring. This casting ring is designed to cater to glass enthusiasts      • Long-Lasting Aluminum Fences at Discount Prices for Your Property Needs        Not Found APIKEY      • Tungsten Carbide Grinding Balls: Ideal Alternative to Stainless Steel for Resilient Samples        Grinding Balls: The Future of Resilient Grinding Grinding is an essential process in many industries, from mining and metallurgy to pharmaceuticals and food processing. Grinding not only helps to red      • Not Found APIKEY        Not Found APIKEY       • ;     Cast Steel Foundry, Central Machinery Lathe Parts, Die Casting Manufacturer, Cast Auto Spare Parts, Heat Treatment Cast Basket, Magnesium Die Casting, Custom Investigator Badge, Aluminium Cutting, Motorcycle Engine, Grinding Balls Mining,      Hot Category      • Die Cast Part     • Cast Aluminum Heater     • Auto Parts Oil Pumps Die Casting Aluminum Parts     • Shrink Film For Printing     • Hollow Iron Ball     Copyright © 2021 Ningbo Yinzhou Ke Ming Machinery Manufacturing Co., Ltd. Sitemap
__label__cc KIKI Inc.  Skip to content   • News   • Portfolio   • About   • Contact   • AL   • Recruit   • Shop   •     • Works   • Profile  Works  JapaneseEnglish  Hiroko Umeyama Stylist     otona no oshare techo Jan / 2018 Steel Life  ph : Chikashi Kasai hm : Shinji Konishi mo : Koda Miyako  トップに戻る  
__label__cc Close  Contact us today to learn more and request a demo    KleenCheck Logo   • Home   • About Us   • How It Works   • Industries   • Prices   • News Contact Us    Maintain control of your cleaning processes using our latest technology  Place1  Access a central audit trail and give your customers reassurance  Place2  Remove the headache of getting your cleaners up to speed and checking their work is up to standard  Place2  Empower your cleaning staff, provide direct online access to cleaning routines  Place2 KleenCheck Pro  For 'multi-tasker' employees who carry out limited cleaning tasks as part of their overall job role.  These are professional employees who are not dedicated cleaners but are responsible for some cleaning tasks as part of their role, such as regular cleaning of:    • Bars or serving areas   • Reception areas   • Food preparation areas KleenCheck Plus  For full time dedicated cleaning teams  For professional cleaning employees who are responsible for the cleaning of:    • Bedrooms and other 'housekeeping' areas (lounges, corridors, reception etc)   • Conferencing facilities   • Offices KleenCheck  If you have an environment that is non-standardised, talk to us about our bespoke KleenCheck package. We can show you how this utilises all of the product elements and features in a structure tailored specifically to your business.  Contact us  Contact us today for further details and to get your quote.   Here is a quick comparison chart showing the differences between KleenCheck Plus, KleenCheck Pro and KleenCheck Bespoke.  Compare  About Us  Orange Technology is a UK based software development company that has been building innovative operational and people development products since 1995. The company launched its first web-based SaaS solution in 2005, and a series of innovative products since.  hob  We have experience of developing solutions for both academia and broad business sectors. Over 1,000,000 UK students have utilised our induction platform since its inception.  We help businesses and organisations globally to save time, effort and money by deploying our software to streamline their processes and solve important problems through innovation. We understand the importance of creating easy to use applications for everyday tasks.  You may also be interested in our volunteer management food voucher product, e-voucherz.  Cleaning dishwasher door  Businesses and organisations have a renewed focus on hygiene and the need to show they are adopting policies and procedures which demonstrate high cleaning standards.  Our cloud-based app enables users to maintain higher standards of cleanliness and be seen to be doing so.  It helps managers control and monitor cleaning staff and report upwards within their organisation.  Whatever type of organisation you work for, there are specific benefits which you can read about on our Industries page.  Orange Technology Logo  About Us How It Works Industries Prices  Website Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy - Cookies  KleenCheck Logo  Contact  Basepoint Aviation Business Park Christchurch Dorset, BH23 6NX peterlucas@theorangegroup.com  Linked In Icon     Cookie Consent  We only use essential cookies. By using this website, you accept our privacy and cookie policies.  For more infomation see our Privacy Policy or Cookie Policy
__label__cc  Skip to content  Kodi  Search   • About   • Our Stores   • Blog   • Contact   • FAQ   • Search  Noissue  Get the latest how to for Kodi, apk, iptv and more.  How to Install Kodi App On iOS 2025 | Kodi App iOS Installation Guide  February 22, 2025 by kodii Categories Noissue  KODİ Neuer Werbung Wochenprospekt – Rabatt Angebote DE | 24 Februar – 1 März 2025 Prospekt  February 21, 2025 by kodii Categories Noissue  New designer thaali kodi collection 22KT  February 20, 2025 by kodii Categories Noissue  How to Install Purely Wrestling Kodi Addon 2025 on Kodi 21.1 Omega ‪ @KodiHunterRJ  February 20, 2025 by kodii Categories Noissue  LIVE 🔴 Kodi Kai Trades Trading Room- February 19, 2025 | US30 YM | Real-Time Trade Analysis  February 20, 2025 by kodii Categories Noissue  Dr Manhattan's Top 5 Favourite Kodi addons – What are yours?  February 19, 2025 by kodii Categories Noissue  Instalar Elementum en Kodi. 3ª Parte  February 19, 2025 by kodii Categories Noissue  How to Install DramaCool Kodi Addon on Firestick? [ How To Install Drama Cool Kodi Addon? ]  February 19, 2025 by kodii Categories Noissue  KODİ Prospekt Werbung – Prospekt Gültig von 17.02.2025 | Rabatt Angebote DE  February 14, 2025 by kodii Categories Noissue  ടിപി കേസ് പ്രതികള്‍ക്ക് വാരിക്കോരി പരോള്‍ | TP Chandrasekharan Murder Case | Kodi Suni | KK Rema  February 13, 2025 by kodii Categories Noissue Post navigation Older posts 1 2 … 198 Next →  NEW ANDROID TV        BEST VPN     © 2026 Kodi • Powered by WPKoi Scroll back to top  Terms and Conditions
__label__cc K O R L A  P A N D I T  (aka John Roland Redd, aka Juan Rolando)           1921 - 1998, a biographical sketch by David de Clue     Born in St. Louis, Missouri, U.S.A., and raised for a time in Hannibal, Missouri (1922-1931), Columbia, Missouri (1931-1937), Omaha, Nebraska (1937) and Ottumwa & Des Moines, Iowa (1938), Korla Pandit became an extremely popular and well-known television, radio and music personality whose life story emerges as one of extreme international popularity followed by a roller coaster life alternating between subsequent successes and hardships, maintaining close yet distant family ties with ancestry dating back to former slaves and Europeans, and a life's journey that is more than worthy of a Hollywood biopic.     Korla Pandit was born John Roland Redd, on September 16, 1921, to Doshia O'Nina Johnson (1885-1977) and Rev. Ernest S. Redd (1883-1966), both of Missouri (footnote1). Rev. Redd was the pastor of the Second Baptist Church in Columbia, Phelps County, Missouri (1912-1918; 1931-1944), and the 8th & Center Streets Baptist Church in Hannibal, Marion County, Missouri (1922-1931). Doshia, whose name is most likely a nickname taken from her maternal Aunt, Theodosia Langford, was the daughter of Henry F. Johnson, of New Orleans, Louisiana, and, Frances Maria Langford, of Potosi, Washington County, Missouri. Henry and Frances were married on May 9, 1882, in Potosi, by Rev. Philip Andrew Langford, who was Frances' paternal grandfather and a Baptist Minister (footnote2). Frances Maria was born a slave in Missouri, on June 2, 1863, to Nancy Ella Johnson (15 Jul 1836 - 25 May 1884) and Philip Anderson Lankford (1 Feb 1838 - 27 Feb 1907) (footnote 3). On July 31, 1865, when Phil and Nancy remarried after the end of the Civil War, as former slaves were required to do, Frances was listed as one of four children born to them while they lived as husband and wife while slaves. Phil, also known simply as Anderson Lankford, was the son of Rev. Philip Andrew Langford (d: c1885, Missouri) and his wife, also a former slave, Frances Dudley-Dennison-Smith (1792, Kentucky - 14 Sep 1880, Potosi) (footnote 4). Philip Andrew's line can be traced back to Edward Langford, who was born in England around 1620. His son, Thomas Langford, was born in New Kent County, Virginia, around 1645, and all Lankfords and Langfords in the U.S., whether Caucasian, African-American or Hispanic, are believed to be descended from Thomas Langford (footnote 5).     John Roland Redd lived in St. Louis for about the first eight or nine months of his life, and subsequently in Hannibal and Columbia, Missouri. According to his sister, Dorothy Redd-Cloud, he lived in Columbia, Missouri, until he graduated high school there in 1937, though the 1937 graduation ceremony programme doesn't list him as a graduate. His paternal first cousin, Jeanne Johnson, recalled that John Roland finished high school in Columbia, after which he left Missouri permanently. While little is known of these earliest years, (footnote 6) he indeed was descended from a long line of talented individuals. It seemed only natural that Korla would excel in music, or in whatever endeavor he pursued (footnote7).     By 1937 Korla was living with relatives in Omaha, Nebraska, and in 1938 was living in Ottumwa, Iowa, working for the Central Broadcasting Company in Des Moines (footnote8). In late 1938 or by early 1939, Korla came to Los Angeles and stayed with his sister Frances Redd-Hernandez-Pepo and her husband George Hernandez. Frances was the second of this particular Redd line to relocate to California (footnote 9), At some point around 1940 John Roland Redd began going by the name of Juan Rolando, all the while wearing what would become his trademark turban (footnote 10). His second incarnation would come about some eight years down the road.     By 1943, Juan Rolando was working as a staff organist for the local Los Angeles radio station KMPC, and apparently the same year was a staff organist and music clearance agent for NBC in Hollywood, earning $100 per week. That same year he was among the first music personalities to make 16" radio transcription discs (his first known sound recordings) for Capitol Records' Radio Transcriptions Division. Although never released to the public, those discs received air play since they were licensed to radio stations by Capitol. There was a Cocktail Hour records shellac disc entitled Right As The Rain, which was commercially released under the name of Juan Rolando in 1943. It is unknown if Korla released more records commercially as Juan Rolando.     On July 21, 1944, John Roland Redd/Juan Rolando, married Disney artist Beryl June DeBeeson in Tijuana, Mexico, as marriage between Blacks and Whites was illegal in the U.S. Beryl was then 24 years of age; Korla was 22. Korla continued appearing as Juan Rolando around Southern California, playing in supper clubs and lounges, gradually making a name for himself. Beryl was a friend of John's sister, Frances Redd-Pepo.     In 1946, Juan Rolando was heard on the Jubilee radio show, which was created and performed by Armed Forces Radio for black servicemen, and which (mostly) featured Black entertainers, as in show #165 with Juan Rolando - the one-man combo, playing both piano and Hammond organ at the same time (footnote 11). In the fall of 1948, Juan Rolando appeared at the opening of the Pomona recreation department's valley-wide art exhibition in Pomona's public library. The transition to Korla Pandit came in 1948.     Between June 28, 1948, and January 28, 1949, Korla Pandit (not Juan Rolando) was credited on the air as the Music Director for the revival of a popular radio show entitled Chandu The Magician, which had originally made its debut in 1932. The shows aired five days per week and were always live. According to the Internet website, Old Time Radio Theme Titles in Radio, (footnote 12) a man by the name of Felix Mills composed the title theme for the 1932 radio serial version. When Juan Rolando, as he was known to the show's cast members, took over the reigns as the music director and organist for the newly resurrected program, he used Mills' original "Chandu Theme" for the show and later claimed authorship, renaming it as his own Trance Dance. The John Roland Redd of old, first incarnated as Juan Rolando, had seen his second incarnation. Korla Pandit was born with the airing of 1948's "Chandu The Magician," and the second incarnation of John Roland Redd had materialized.     At a 1948 appearance playing for a furrier's fashion show at Tom Brenaman's Restaurant in Hollywood, Korla and Beryl met television pioneer Klaus Landsberg. Klaus loved Korla's look and offered him his own 15-minute daily television show on the local Los Angeles station, KTLA, with the stipulation that Korla would also provide musical accompaniment for another television show entitled Time For Beany (footnote 13). Landsberg also insisted that Korla not speak on the show, but rather just gaze mysteriously into the camera as he played a Hammond organ and a grand piano simultaneously. Korla followed Klaus's contractual obligations, and became an overnight star and one of early television's pioneering musical artists.     With the 1948 birth, so-to-speak, of Korla Pandit, came the birth of Beryl and Korla's first son, Shari Pandit (5 Augustus 1948 - 31 December 2000). Six months later, in February of 1949, Time For Beany and Korla Pandit's Adventures In Music both debuted on television station KTLA in Hollywood, California, and television history was made. Both shows were performed live, five days per week, Monday through Friday! Only a few of these shows were recorded via 16 mm film or "kinescope" process. All the rest have been lost forever. In over 900 episodes (footnote 14), Korla played romantic compositions while gazing alluringly into the camera and, therefore, right into the television sets of millions of homes throughout the United States. It was said to have been a gaze so sensually mesmerizing that it captivated both women and men alike.     The early 1950s saw Korla recording as a band member of The Sons of the Pioneers for RCA Victor Radio Corporation of America. The original lead singer of that band was none other than Roy Rogers (footnote 15). He also recorded his first commercial albums manufactured and distributed by Vita Records, headquartered in Pasadena, California. Vita was basically a "black artist" label. Throughout his career, Korla Pandit continued making recordings and many are still available on cassette, vinyl album and compact disc, especially on the Internet website, eBay. His earliest 1950s recordings were with Vita Records. In 1954, he established his own label known as India Records. It was on India Records that he was able to release his own album, The Universal Language of Music. It was the first of four (possibly five) albums with the same title. Soon after Korla released his "maiden album" on India, he was signed by Berkeley, California's new Fantasy records label, which was a fledgeling label enjoying considerable success with such legends as Dave Brubeck, Chet Baker, Gerry Mulligan, Lenny Bruce and Odetta. They eventually signed Korla Pandit in 1958. It was with Fantasy Records that Korla made numerous stereophonic recordings along with other mono recordings (footnote 16).     Even with the ever-increasing demands on Korla's time, he and Beryl added to their family on August 19, 1950, with the birth of their second son, Khris Koram (John) Pandit. Born in Los Angeles, John continues living between Santa Rosa, California, and British Columbia, Canada, where Mrs. Beryl Pandit resided until her death. Throughout the year Korla could be seen and heard on his television show at noon on KTLA-Channel 5, in Los Angeles.     The March 23, 1951 issue of one of the music Industry's top magazines, Down Beat, carried a Hollywood Beat feature story by columnist Hal Holly, complete with photograph, "Korla Pandit And Organ Attract Femmes To Video." The article describes a visit to the KTLA studio from which Korla was broadcasting his show, and refers to Korla as being known to local musicians as Juan Rolando. Beryl is also mentioned in the article.     On September 13, 1951, Vita Records owner Larry H. Meade promoted Korla Pandit in a two hour concert at the Pasadena Civic Auditorium which - according to the September 22 1951 issue of The Billboard - drew 1, 950 persons and grossed $3,500.00. According to the article, Korla received 60 per cent of the gross. The article goes on to list the program, and reports that Korla was called back for three encores.     Already a pioneer in television, in August of 1951 Korla joined forces with real estate developer Louis D. Snader, who entrepreneured what can only be described as the music world's first music videos, which were then called "telescriptions." They were 16 mm film clips featuring everyone who was anyone in music, from Nat King Cole and Peggy Lee, to the Four Aces and Korla Pandit! These short, filmed segments showcased an individual's talents and were sent all over the United States (i.e., syndicated) to be used as "fill" featurettes on local television stations. Korla's popularity was spreading and the mystery man with the turban, who was so skilled on the organ and piano, appeared in ten Snader telescriptions. Korla now became a pioneer of music videos and syndication.     While appearing in his first film in 1952, Something To Live For, Korla again appeared on television with Jimmy Durante (who was known as "The Schnoz" to his legion of fans), who is said to have done an hilarious parody of Korla, seated at the organ and wearing a turban on the All Star Revue. The same year Mr. Pandit performed at the Wilshire Ebel Theater in Los Angeles (footnote 17). The Pandit family was by then living in the Santa Cruz-Ben Lomond area of California. Around this time, yet prior to 1953, it could be said (in his private life) that John Roland Redd's new name of Korla Pandit became his new, official and final name when he obtained a social security card issued to Korla Pandit. The application for the card took place in Des Moines, Iowa, where his brother "Speck" Redd lived at the time. In 1953, and again in 1967, Korla appeared in the Pasadena Rose Parade (now known as "The Rose Bowl Parade"), won the TV Guide Award as "the San Francisco Bay area TV personality most worthy of network recognition," appeared in 52 (fifty-two) more television show episodes, and had a write-up in The Hollywood Reporter (footnote18).     The year 1954 saw another strange twist in Korla's career, as Lou Snader next contracted Korla for 52 half-hour shows, in addition to the previously-filmed, original ten, Snader telescriptions (i.e., music videos) featuring Korla, which were offered to stations around the U.S. as individual performances and/or complete 15 minute television programs. Disagreements between Korla and Lou Snader developed, and Korla, having completed the minimum required shows (but not the entire 52) declared to one and all that he would not be owned, and did not re-sign with Snader. He was replaced with a young piano player who had appeared on his own local program on Los Angeles TV station KLAC in Hollywood in 1952. Although the replacement brought his own candelabrum, he was provided with Korla Pandit's set decorations, complete with flowing white curtains and grand piano. No organ or turban this time....just candles, wavy hair, lots of teeth, and a voice to go with it all. That replacement was known as Liberace! Without a single doubt, had there been no Korla Pandit, there would have been no Liberace!     As Korla's musical career progressed, he appeared in Korla Pandit Adventures In Music on local television station KGO, Channel 7, in San Francisco, in 1955, and became a Bay Area hit! The family moved to the Los Gatos area of California where he appeared in a variant of the same television format, which was also titled Adventures in Music, on KNTV, Channel 11. Never one to restrict himself to one single career inspiration, Korla kept one foot in Hollywood while appearing live in San Francisco. His frequent live appearances made nearly everyone aware of his increasingly phenomenal presence. In 1957, Korla and Beryl attended the "Lili St. Cyr Show" at Hollywood's famous Moulin Rouge supper club. The two were there to visit Miss St. Cyr, with whom Korla had once performed on the same bill.     Korla Pandit made his mark throughout his career, even when times were hard and his brand of exotic music was no longer popular. Though he never seemed to be out-of-style with his California fans, to the rest of the nation he would eventually be forgotten, only to be found again and on the so-called comeback trail. He made an appearance in West Seattle on September 22, 1972, and appeared in Richard Pryor's Which Way Is Up? in 1977, while 1983 saw him concertizing with several belly dancers he named "The Pandettes," at Dominic's Midnight Rollerway and bowling alley in Glendale, California. Such work can best be described as a "revival" of his live shows and career. In his appearances at the Rose Bowl Parades he was said to have garnered the loudest and longest cheers from the crowd. In 1987 a much-heralded concert at the Los Angeles Park Plaza Hotel's Terrace Room, started Korla Pandit on the "comeback trail" (footnote 19). By 1990 he had teamed with lounge entrepreneur Joey Cheezhee to appear at local drive-ins, roller rinks, theaters and regular floor shows in "The Co-Co Bowl Room" at Kelbo's original Polynesian Restaurant in Los Angeles. He played a "tiki revival" with the Cheezhee show at Bimbo's famed but faded nightclub in San Francisco in 1966, the Orpheum Theatre in the Fall of 1968, as well as other similar gigs, including Jack's Sugar Shack and The House of Blues, both favorite Los Angeles bar and showroom hot spots of the day. Even Variety noted as late of June 14, 1993 mentioned his playing with Cheezhee on Tuesday nights at Los Feliz Supper Club, stating he was in his sixties, but looking "curiously young and spry."     The period in Korla's life from about 1975 through 1990 was marked by several moves and yet another television show. From 1975 through 1986 he resided with a close friend, Corliss McDougall, and continued working. Thereafter, until 1988, he resided with another friend, Barbara Herd, who owned a candle manufacturing company. For the two subsequent years he resided with Michael Copner, who produced numerous concerts in Seattle, Washington, for Korla, as well as a television talk show pilot which Korla hosted. Mr. Copner plans to one day release that television show pilot on either VHS or DVD. This same period also saw Korla residing with his sister, Dorothy Cloud, in Los Angeles, and playing the movie accompaniment for Lon Chaney, Sr. in The Phantom of the Opera screenings at the Orpheum Theater in Los Angeles, and the Arlington Theater in Santa Barbara, California (footnote 20).     Mr. Pandit played the Azusa Foothill Drive-In Theater on Foothill Boulevard in Azusa, California, on June 17, 1995. His final live performance was on February 14, 1997, at the Luna Park Club in Los Angeles. In declining health, in part due to diabetes, Korla ultimately lived in a convalescent home in Petaluma, California, where he was visited every day his daughter-in-law Kim. His final film performance was in director Tim Burton's 1994 film, Ed Wood, with his final production credit (a the musical composer) in the 1996 Independent film, Spectres of the Spectrum.     Beryl Pandit passed away in British Columbia, Canada, on Saturday evening, December 31, 2005, at the age of 85. Korla Pandit passed away at age 77, on October 2, 1998, at Petaluma Valley Hospital, in Petaluma, California, of a heart attack (footnote 21). In the best or worst of his times, it can be said he always maintained his dignity, and demanded and received respect from his fans and family members who knew him. Mr. Pandit's stage and screen persona were a well-crafted and well-guarded image that he maintained and for the most part, kept intact until his death. He was unquestionably "The Godfather of Exotica" (footnote 22).     In June 2001, an article that appeared in Los Angeles Magazine attempted to shatter the Korla Pandit mythology in a rather unnecessary manner. Much of what was written by Mr. Smith was incorrect (footnote 23) and while it is true that Korla Pandit was not the descendant of a Brahman Indian priest and a Caucasian, French opera singer, his lineage from former Missouri & Virginia slaves, work as a pioneer of syndication and music videos, talents and artistry as a pianist & organist and collaboration with his wife Beryl, are testaments to his lifelong artistry. In what can only be described as an ironic twist of mega-proportions, Korla's father, Rev. Ernest S. Redd (1883-1966), published his autobiography in 1962 (footnote 24). Along with noting his son John Roland's 1921 birth while living in St. Louis, and a 1937 visit by Rev. Redd and his wife, Doshia O'Nina Johnson-Redd (1885-1977) to John Roland while he was living with relatives in Nebraska, Rev. Redd noted how he was descended from former slaves on his father's side. Rev. Ernest Redd's father, Rev. O. T. Redd (d: 1934), was born in Richmond, Virginia, the son of slaves. Once it was pieced together how Korla was descended from Frances Maria Langford of Potosi, Missouri, it became fact that he was descended from former Missouri slaves on his mother's side as well. Having spent a lifetime upholding the myth that his ancestry was, in part, Caucasian (from France), and that his musical ability came from his opera-singing French mother, the utterly ironic truth is that he really did descend from a Caucasian and an extremely musically talented line. He descends maternally, not from French, but English and African-American. His creative, musical and artistic ability, like that of all of his siblings (Speck, Ruth, Frances, Dorothy, Pauline & Harry) seems to have sprung from his maternal, part-African-American & part-Caucasian, great-grandfather, Phil Anderson Lankford (footnote 25).     In May 2004, the author obtained a copy of Korla's 1921 birth certificate, which listed his birth place as St. Louis, Missouri, at 4240 Enright Avenue. A photo of his birth home appears on the gallery pages, though sadly, the obviously once stately, brick-framed home built in 1899, is in desperate need of major repairs. In January 2004 one of his sisters, Pauline Marie Redd-Williams, who is noted in his father's 1962 autobiography, passed away in Los Angeles, never having revealed his true identity to anyone outside of the family, just as his other siblings had done all their lives.     The life of Korla Pandit [John (Juan) Roland (Rolando) Redd], is truly one which brings to mind images of a Hollywood movie, and hopefully true to that cliché, one day "The Korla Pandit Story" will be made that displays his true artistic ability, glorious family history and fascinating life as a pioneer in the television industry (footnote 26). It is a family that continues to reveal itself years after his death, as, thanks to the Internet, we've located Korla's other son & grandson, who have been happily added to our Lankford family tree (footnote 27).     In the words of Korla Pandit's close friend and biographer, Verne Langdon, "The word which most closely sums up the "birth" and life of Korla Pandit is 'Exotic.' In an industry where Doris Mary Anne Von Kappellhoff, Roy Scherer, Ruby Stevens, Marion Francis Morrison, Leonard Slye, Frances Gumm, Jacob Cohen and Archibald Alexander Leach became, respectively, Doris Day, Rock Hudson, Barbara Stanwyck, John Wayne, Roy Rogers, Judy Garland, Rodney Dangerfield and Cary Grant, it is perfectly acceptable that John Roland Redd morphed into a beturbaned Mexican and then into a very mysterious Indian musician. Only in Hollywood, California, and America, U.S.A., could such a thing happen. He was One of a Kind, First in the Field of One, an incredibly gifted artist, husband, and loving father. Once Korla Pandit was ours. Now he belongs to The Ages.     David de Clue, 2006        Additional information and footnotes:     The Film Credits Of Korla Pandit:  1 Something To Live For (1952)  Appears as a Hindu, with no spoken lines.  2 Which Way Is Up? (1977)  Appears as a Hindu, with his lines dubbed by another actor for reasons unknown.  3 Ed Wood (1994)  Appears as himself, playing his trademark Hammond B-3 organ, with no spoken lines.  4 Phantom Of The Opera (1990)  Complete musical score; Laser Disc release by Canadian company called Lumivision who made one of two transfers of the original 1925 Lon Chaney film.  5 Spectres of the Spectrum (1996)  Credited with the film score along with Isao Tomita, John Waterman and DJ Spooky (Screened at the 1999 Vancouver Film Festival).     The Sound Recordings of Korla Pandit:  See the listing on the Discography Pages and the Tunes Pages.  Note: Many of Mr. Pandit's albums and compact discs are, as of this writing, still available online, through some of the following websites: eBay.com - eBay.ca (eBay's Canadian site) collectiblerecords.com - mordamrecords.com - epitonic.com - traderverne.com - deuceofclubs.com/tunes/korla.htm - amazon.com - amazon.co.uk - overstock.com - wal-mart.com - bestbuy.com - highbeam.com - gemm.com - bizrate.com - shopping.yahoo.com - collectorweb.biz - wonderyearsrecords.com - greatesthitsmailorder.com - 99only.com - hipwax.com/liners/pandit.html - See also, encorehomevideo.com - dejavu-record-co.com - bn.com (Barnes & Noble) (for copies of his 1950s television program - This is by no means a complete listing of locations for his albums, CDs and videos!     Episodes of "Chandu The Magician":  (All episodes are listed on http://www.glowingdial.com/archived_chandu.htm)     Footnotes:  1. The April 1, 1930, U.S. Census for Marion County, State of Missouri, City of Hannibal, lists Ernest S. Redd, as head of household, Negro, male, married, born in Missouri, age 47 at last birthday, with father born in Virginia and mother born in Missouri. His wife is listed as Doshia, female, Negro, age 42 at last birthday, age 21 at last marriage, with mother born in Missouri, father born in Louisiana. The children listed included: Ruth L., age 19; Harry E., age 18, Ernest S., age 16, Francis, age 15, Pauline M., age 7, John R., age 8, and Dorothy E., age 4 1/2. Listed as his mother-in-law is Frances M. Johnson, age 66 (i.e., Frances Maria Langford-Johnson). The information previously uncovered by the author in 1995 and 1996 from The Missouri State Archives for Frances Maria Langford (b: 2 Jun 1863; daughter of Phil and Nancy Lankford), matches the census information, as well as information provided by several family members. Frances would have been 67 on June 2, 1930. The John R. listed as age 8 in 1930 matches John Roland Redd (Korla Pandit).     John Roland Redd's birth certificate (Number 21-051236; 23rd Ward, Registered Number 1313, Registration District Number 791) from the Bureau of Vital Statistics, Jefferson City, Missouri, notes his middle name as "Rolan" (without a "d"), which is incorrect, per his father's 1962 book, Incidentally Ministerial (p. 84). His parents are listed as the very same Ernest Redd and Doshia Johnson, then living at 4240 Enright Avenue, St. Louis, Missouri, 63108. Both parents are noted as "Colored" and both born in Missouri. On his date of birth of September 16, 1921, his father was 38 and his mother was 35. That squarely places his father's year of birth at 1883, the very same year Rev. Ernest Redd always stated he was born, including in his autobiography. Also according to Korla's father's 1962 autobiography, the family moved from St. Louis to Columbia, Missouri, during the summer of 1922, and after a long vacation in Randolph Springs, Missouri, arriving, to stay, in Columbia, during the winter of 1922. See, The St. Louis Argus, June 2, 1922, p. 6: Notice in the paper that Randolph Springs, National Health Resort, opens June 3rd. See, also, St. Louis Argus, September 10, 1920, p. 3, Society And Local Notes, Continued From Page Two: - REV. E. S. REDD ACCEPTS Y.M.C.A. WORK HERE - It has been reported that Rev. Ernest S. Redd, of Columbia, Mo., has accepted work at the Pine Street Department YMCA as Religious Work Secretary. He is to enter upon his new duties about September 15th. Rev. Redd has been considering this work for some time but has finally decided to accept.     While the family was in Columbia, see, e.g., The St. Louis Argus, January 24, 1924, OOTN: Columbia, Mo. - Mr. and Mrs. Moses Wilson entertained Christmas morning at a waffle breakfast the following: Rev. & Mrs. E. S. Redd, Mrs. J. H. Gatewood, Mr. & Mrs. Victor Brown, Little Dorothy Redd. *** Misses Ruth Redd [is] substituting during the absence of Miss Edythe Williams. - November 13, 1931, p. 13, OOTN: Columbia, Mo. - Rev. & Mrs. E. S. Redd and family were greatly surprised Monday night by a surprise party given by the members of broadway Baptist Church under the leadership of Mrs. Anna Carter, James Carter and Jessie Robnett. - October 16, 1931, p. 11, OOTN: Columbia, Mo. - Rev. and Mrs. E. S. Redd and family have moved to Columbia. They will be at home, 413 N. 5th Street. - January 22, 1932, p. 11, OOTN: Columbia, Mo. - The Golden Leaf Mission Circle met Friday evening at the residence of Mrs. John Brown, on Oak Street. The Circle has planned to give away a Hope Chest soon. The contestants are: Miss Ruth Williams and Miss Ruth L. Redd. *** The weekly meeting of the Ministerial Alliance was held in the Study of the Broadway Baptist Church Monday afternoon. Rev. Redd discussed the topic, "The Problems Confronting the Church in Columbia."     While the family was visiting or living in St. Louis, see, e.g., The St. Louis Argus, September 5, 1919, p. 5, Society And Local Notes: Rev. E. S. Redd of Columbia, Mo., while visiting the Y. M. C. A. was highly entertained by R. Berryman, H. Lasker, Trpy Gorum and C. D. Ferguson at midnight luncheon and refreshments were served. - May 22, 1920, p. 3, Society And Local News: - HEAR REV. E. S. REDD LIVE WIRE "Y" PASTOR - At First Baptist Church Sunday, April 24, 3:30 p. m., he will address the teachers and worker's council of the Antioch District Sunday School Union on "How To Restore the Old Evangelistic Fervor in the New Age." - January 1, 1926, p. 2: MY CREED by Ernest S. Redd - To discover God's will concerning me, and to be submissive to that will; to live an abundant life, being generous and over flowing with love for the Creator and mankind, seeing the good and divine in nature and humanity; to bring sunshine into my life and to scatter it along my path; to find pleasure in works and joy in occupation; forgetting the failures and heartaches of yesterday in the conflicts of today; I may find it in ultimate success; to abase myself that in due time the promised exaltation may come; to trust the Lord and be unalterable in his trust; This Shall be my Creed for the New Year. - December 15, 1939, page 6: 'Midnight Shadow,' an all-Colored cast, real murder mystery, will be presented four days starting Sunday. It is a George Randol production, with Frances Redd. - December 15, 1939, page 6: Advertisement for "Midnight Shadow" at The Star Theatre, St. Louis, Missouri.     While the family was in Hannibal, see, e.g., The St. Louis Argus, January 23, 1924, p. 13, OOTN: Hannibal, Mo. - The pastor Rev. Redd and his wife spared no pains to show their appreciation of large crops of workers who had served so faithfully during the past year. At 8:30 p. m. the guest marching to the strains of sweet music gathered in the newly decorated assembly room where the tables had been tastefully arranged with flowers and ferns for the occasion. Mrs. D. J. Redd, chairman. *** Potosi, Mo. - The Mitchells, Jamisons and Duncans were dinner guests, in Potosi, of Mr. & Mrs. Ernest Walton, Sunday evening. - January 9, 1925, p. 13, OOTN: Hannibal, Mo. - Rev. and Mrs. Ernest Redd gave a Christmas party for their daughter, Miss Ruth Redd, Tuesday, December 30. About forty young people were present. After some time spent with games and music, they were served in the dining rooms of the parsonage, which was prettily decorated for the occasion. There were several out of town guests present. *** The pastor of Eighth and Center Sts. Baptist Church, Rev. Redd, has announced a series of Sunday evening addresses on "Love, Courtship and Marriage," beginning Sunday, January 11. Aside from the address there is to be a special feature at each service. - May 29, 1925, p. 11, OOTN: Hannibal, Mo. - Mrs. Frankie M. Johnson, after spending several months in Kansas City, has returned to live with her daughter, Mrs. D. J. Redd. (note: back in the day, married women almost always replaced their middle name with their maiden name, which is why Doshia O'Nina Johnson-Redd is noted as Doshia Johnson Redd.) - June 26, 1925, p. 11, OOTN: Hannibal, Mo. - Rev. E. S. Redd...spent several days at Kirksville where he attended the meeting of the North Missouri Sunday School Convention. - July 17, 1925, p. 11, OOTN: Hannibal, Mo. - Mrs. F. M. Johnson, mother of Mrs. D. J. Redd, suffered a painful injury recently when falling down stairs, she sprained a wrist and crushed the small bones of the right hand. - January 16, 1925, p. 13, OOTN: Hannibal, Mo. - The second sermon of the series on "Domestic happiness" will be preached by Rev. Ernest S. Redd at the Eighth & Center Sts. Baptist Church next Sunday evening. - August 28, 1925, p. 11, OOTN: Hannibal, Mo. - Rev. Ernest S. Redd attended the Association in Keokuk where he delivered the Educational address of Friday evening, August 21. - November 6, 1925, p. 13, OOTN: Hannibal, Mo. - Rev. Ernest S. Redd, pastor of the Eighth and Center Sts. Baptist Church, went to Quincy, Ill., Sunday afternoon where he assisted in ordaining Rev. Johnson Craven to the Baptist ministry. Rev. Redd preached the ordination sermon. He was accompanied by Rev. Lewis, Mr. Leander Parker and Miss Ruth Redd. - February 20, 1925, p. 13, OOTN: Hannibal, Mo. - Any one in Hannibal having hews for the Argus, will call Mrs. Daisy Brown, Phone 363, not later than Monday of each week. - March 20, 1925, p.14, OOTN: Hannibal, Mo. - (Just below a Little Black "Sambo" cartoon): rev. and Mrs. E. S. Redd (and others) were dinner guests of Mrs. Lucinda Smith, last Wednesday. - May 29, 1931, p. 11. OOTN: Hannibal, Mo. - The installation sermon by Rev. E. S. Redd of 8th and Center Baptist Church was a treat to everyone. He made use of these words as a theme, "One Thing That's Needful," Luke 10: 42. - February 5, 1926, p. 13, OOTN: Hannibal, Mo - A successful pew rally was conducted at the Eighth & Center Streets Baptist Church last Sunday. The pastor Rev. Ernest S. Redd preached at each of the three services. The subject of the morning sermon was "Our Guarantee of Peace." In the afternoon "Wisdom's House." At the evening service he delivered a very practical sermon from the text "What is that in thine hand." February 4, 1927, p. 13, OOTN: Hannibal, Mo. - The services at Eighth & Center Streets Baptist Church were largely attended last Sunday evening. The audience was one of the largest that has been in attendance during the pastorate of Rev. E. S. Redd, who has been serving this congregation for more than four years.     From The St. Louis Argus newspaper, here's an interesting item: July 18, 1924, p. 11, Out Of Town News (OOTN): Carrollton, Mo. - Preaching services will be held both Sunday morning and nite at the Virginia Street Baptist Church. Rev. G. C. Chinn preached in the morning and Rev. O. T. Redd of Kansas City, at night.     2. See, http://vienici.com (online genealogy database; Washington County Black Marriages, 1881-1899). See also, Washington County Marriage Book 1881-1899 Index, Langford, Frances M., p. 51. See also, Marriage Record Book A - Colored "Private" 1866 - 1875 - Washington County, Missouri, Lan[g]ford, Philip & Frances Smith, 1; Lan[g]ford, Anderson & Nancy Johnson, 1.     3. See, Marriage registry of Philip Anderson Langford and Nancy Ella Johnson, Office of the Secretary of State, Missouri State Archives, Jefferson City, Missouri, dated July 31, 1865, Washington County, Breton Township (City of Potosi), Missouri. Frances Maria Langford-Johnson's given name is spelled Francis (with an "i") in the official marriage registry. It is spelled Frances (with an "e") in other documentation, such as the transcribed version of the marriage registries, and in her son-in-law's autobiography.     4. See, page 1,"Marriage Record Book A - Colored "Private" - 1866 To 1875 - Washington County, Missouri," Anderson Langford & Nancy Johnson (listed daughter: Frances Maria Langford, born: 2 Jun 1863). See also, The Lankfords & Langfords of Virginia, by Bruce Montgomery Edwards (deceased), Gateway Press, Inc., Baltimore, MD 1987, pages 91-93. (While the Edwards book notes Phil Anderson Lankford (born: 1838) as a son of Andrew Langford (b: 1812 or 1813) and Martha (maiden name unknown; married Andrew in 1829), subsequent research indicates that Martha was his first wife and Mrs. Frances Dudley-Dennison-Smith, a former slave, was his second wife, to whom Anderson Langford was born in Missouri.     5. John Roland's maternal grandmother was Frances Maria Langford. Her siblings included John Anderson Lankford (1874 - 1946), Arthur Edward Lankford (1879 - 1908), Philip Benjamin "P. B." Lankford (1859 - 1930) of St. Louis, Missouri, Theodosia Langford (b: 1865), Ella Langford (b: 1960), Sarah Ellaine Langford (b: 1963), Jane Lankford-Combs (b: 1868) of Richmond, Missouri, and Ida Boyd Lankford -Boyd-Wade of Ironton, Missouri, and Denver, Colorado. The African-American line's name started as Langford (with a "g") and sometime during the late 1800s, some lines began spelling their surname Lankford (with a "k"). The author believes it was most likely because census takers, who were not very adept in writing, simply spelled surnames the best they could from the way they sounded. See, also, The St. Louis Argus, December 9, 1932, p. 9, OOTN: Hannibal, Mo. - The remains of Mrs. H. F. Johnson who died on Tuesday last at Columbia, Mo., were brought to Hannibal after funeral services which took place on Friday afternoon in Columbia. The funeral cortege arrived in Hannibal Saturday afternoon at 1:30 after having been made over land. The funeral party went directly to Robinson's Cemetery where a short graveside service was conducted by Rev. Madden and Rev. Parker of Columbia. Among the closest surviving relatives of the deceased are Mrs. E. E. Redd, daughter of Columbia; Phillip Johnson, son of Chicago and Mrs. J. T. Brown, sister, of Hannibal. *** Rev. E. S. Redd and family were in Hannibal Saturday attending the funeral of Mrs. H. F. Johnson, the mother of Mrs. Redd. The family was deeply touched by the expressions of kindness and sympathy they found here. A three-course luncheon had been daintily prepared by the Silent Workers Club, and was served after the burial at the residence of Mrs. L. D. Queen before the funeral party returned to Columbia. A lovely box of flowers from the 8th and Center Streets Baptist Church was presented by Mrs. Powers. At a point in her life, Frances Johnson moved back to her roots in Potosi and DeSoto, Missouri. The St. Louis Argus newspaper regularly carried a section titled "Out Of Town News," which reported the comings and goings. See, e.g., March 31, 1922, p. 11 (Frances Johnson visited DeSoto from Potosi); May 12, 1922, p. 6 (Mrs. Frances Johnson had a visit from Mrs. Jesse Johnson of Kokomo, Indiana).     6. After graduating high school and traveling in a jazz band with his brothers, Ernest & Harry, in 1937 he was living with relatives in Omaha, Nebraska, and doing well in school. By May of 1938 he was living in Ottumwa, Iowa. His father notes in his autobiography that he allowed his sons to pursue their musical careers and to make their livelihood playing their music. John's/Korla's earliest days would have been spent in Columbia and St. Louis, Missouri, since the family was living in St. Louis from 1920 through the summer of 1922, while Rev. Ernest Redd commuted between St. Louis and Columbia, working as a pastor in Columbia and with the Y.M.C.A. in St. Louis. Family members and friends have confirmed that he lived with his sister, Frances Elizabeth Redd-Pepo, in Los Angeles, California, when he first arrived. That is where, in 1941, he would meet his future wife, Beryl June DeBeeson, who stayed with Frances for a time in the 1930s. Frances starred in what can be called a "Black film" in 1938 for George Randol Productions [Sack Amusement Enterprises (distributor); Phoenix Films (copyright holder); Tyler-Texas Black Film Collection (owner)] entitled "Midnight Shadow" (released in 1939) with John Criner. A copy of that film can still be purchased online via amazon.com at the following website (http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/detail/-/6302989434/qid=1082321882/sr=1-1/ref=sr_1_1/002-3772167-9855232?v=glance&s=video) and rented at the St. Louis Public Library. Oddly enough, though the family moved from St. Louis in the summer of 1922, Harry graduated from Sumner High School in St. Louis in 1924. (See, The St. Louis Argus, January 25, 1924, p. 7: "Sumner High January 1924 Graduates" - Commencement exercises were held in the Sumner High School Auditorium Wednesday night, by the following Members of the January graduating class: Commercial - Harry Elmer Redd.     Beryl worked for Disney's special effects department in the 1930s, and later with Hanna-Barbera's background department. Her father, George DeBeeson (31 May 1897-1965; born: George DeJean Beeson), was an animator at Disney Studios, Walter Lanz (of "Woody Woodpecker" cartoon fame) and Universal Studios, having done animations for such Disney classics as "Pinocchio" and "Snow White & The Seven Dwarfs." Via Korla's family, there is no indication that he ever spent any time in Chicago (other than possible play dates or "gigs") or at the University of Chicago. His father does state (p. 123), however, that while living with relatives in 1937 in Omaha, Nebraska, John was doing well in school...obviously in Nebraska!     During the summer of 1936, Rev. Redd & wife Doshia visited Doshia's "Uncle John," in Washington, D.C. Per John Anderson Lankford's records, he would have been living at 1261 Irving Street, N. W., Washington, D.C., which is now the site of the Harriet Tubman Elementary School.     7. Mr. Pandit's nephew (the son of his sister Dorothy Redd-Cloud), Frank Gregory Cloud, is a Los Angeles architect. His brother, Gary Cloud, is a well-known photographer for such enterprises as the NAACP Image Awards. His nephew, Adrian Pepo (the son of his sister Frances Redd) was the lead singer for both "Zola Taylor's Platters" and "The Amazing Platters" vocal groups, which were successful groups that formed during and after the long legal battle that encompassed the original Platters. His father, Ernest, was an accomplished pianist, while his brother, Harry, played the sax. His mother, Doshia, was a soprano inher church choirs, which may have given him the "notion" to claim his mother was an opera singer. His maternal great-grandfather, Philip Anderson Lankford, was a ragtime musician and composer, who was a contemporary of and knew Scott Joplin. Two of Korla's maternal great-uncles, John Anderson Lankford and Arthur Edward Lankford, were architects, while two of his third cousins, Robert C. Bumbary, Sr., and Robert C. Bumbary, Jr., (direct descendants of John Anderson Lankford) are or were Washington, D.C.-based architects. Arthur Edward Lankford (1879-1908) was a Tuskegee graduate who worked in his brother's firm of J. A. Lankford & Bro., in the early 1900s in Washington, D.C. John Anderson Lankford (1874-1945) was the well-known architect who was known as the "Dean of African-American Architects." His cousin, Harvey Lankford, played in the band for the Russell Bros. Circus (1936-1945), which was a traveling circus that spent it's summer months throughout the midwest and wintered in California, as well as Ringling Bros (1947 - c.1951). Harvey was also an influential jazz musician in the 1930s, having played with Louis Armstrong, Fate Marable, Floyd Campbell, Dewey Jackson, and others, he had his own band as well, known as Harvey Lankford's Synco High Hatters. He was also a member of the St. Louis Negro Symphony Orchestra (1947). One of Korla's great-nephews, Gary Bass (the grandson of his brother, Speck Redd) has been a musician for singer Janet Jackson for years. Another cousin, Clinton Stevens Harris, was a New York-based architect, while several other cousins were gifted singers and/or musicians in their own right.     8. The Musician's Union in California, lists Korla Pandit as a nonmember, with the social security card number of 478-14-7780. On June 1, 1938, John Roland Redd obtained social security card number 478-14-7780 in Iowa, while living at 6381 E. Main Street, Ottumwa, Iowa. As of May 26th of that year he had been working in Des Moines, Iowa, for the Central Broadcasting Company. On his social security card application he lists his place of birth as St. Louis and his date of birth as September 16, 1923...age 14. He was actually 16. He lists his parents as Rev. Ernest Samuel Redd and Doshia O'Nina Johnson; sex: male; race: negro.     9. Korla's eldest sister, Ruth Lankford Redd-Paillet, was the first to make the move to California. His sister Frances Elizabeth Redd-Hernandez-Pepo followed, with the initial intention of becoming a makeup artist. See, St. Louis Argus, May 26, 1939, page 7: - With Randall Films - Chicago, Ill. - Miss Frances Redd, Columbia, Mo., daughter of Rev. and Mrs. E. S. Redd, took a T.W.A. airplane for Los Angeles, Calif., last week. Miss Redd has been given a position as make-up artist for the George Randall Film Production for their next picture. She was a member of the July class "39" of Poro College here. Miss Redd received her special training in make-up under Paul Parsons, photographer for Stephen's College, who did photograph work for Joan Crawford. Upon her arrival at Los Angeles, Miss Redd was notified by Mr. Randall that she was to take the leading role. Mrs. Annie M. Malone has written Mr. Randall, thanking him for the position and promotion.     10. Although going by a Mexican name, he wore a turban which became synonymous with his person and personality. His original turban closely resembled the one worn by John Criner's character, Prince Alihabad, his sister Frances' film, "Midnight Shadow." It was an easy step from John Roland to Juan Rolando, since the Spanish for John is Juan, and the closest Spanish translation to Roland is Rolando. During the period of his incarnation to Juan Rolando, the style of the day for many hispanics was to wear a type of dress commonly known as the "zoot suit." The "Zoot Suit Riots" in May and June of 1943 no doubt had some effect on Juan Rolando. It was certainly not the style for a Mexican to wear a turban, which may have been a reason he was not phased, career-wise, by the riots. The riots were so-called because groups of U.S. military men were roaming the streets of Los Angeles looking for anyone wearing what they would have considered Mexican or hispanic dress. Korla continued using his assumed Mexican name and continued wearing his turban, although now claiming to be a "native of New Delhi, India, and educated in this country at the University of Chicago."     11. Numerous family members have original copies of his book. In what can only be called (at least by this author) a direct reference to his son's evolving career, Rev. Redd states about his son (@ page 109), "Another appears on television in various localities playing the piano and organ simultaneously, an act he has practically perfected."     12. http://www.classicthemes.com/oldTimeRadioThemes/radioTitleIndex.html     13. Time For Beany was a hand-puppet show created by new TV producer Bob Clampett and featuring the voice characterizations of Stan Freberg and Daws Butler, who would become famous later in their own right.     14. For a television show to run over 900 episodes is a feat barely matched even by today's (May 2005) standards. It is still considered a milestone for any television show to reach the 100 episode mark. The only shows to come close to Mr. Pandit's numbers include such venerables as It's Academic (44 years; well over 900 episodes), Jeopardy (41 years; over 900 episodes), 60 Minutes (37 years;3,728 episodes as of November 2005), American Bandstand (37 years; 2,811 episodes), Soul Train (35 years; 1,133 episodes), The Wonderful World of Disney (34 years from 1954 - 1990; 769 episodes), The Price Is Right (33 years with Bob Barker; over 6,000 episodes), The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson (31 years; 4,350 episodes; the show itself has run from 1954 to present), Saturday Night Live (30 years; 586 episodes), Wheel Of Fortune (30 years; over 900 episodes), 20/20 (27 years; 1272 episodes as of December 2005), The Phil Donahue Show (26 years; less than 900 episodes), Nightline (26 years; less than 900 episodes), The Ed Sullivan Show (24 years; 1,065 episodes), Entertainment Tonight (23 years; 5,677 episodes as of April 2005), Gunsmoke (20 years; 635 episodes), The Oprah Winfrey Show (20 years; 1059 episodes as of December 2005), The Simpsons (17 years as of December 2005; 362 episodes as of December 2005); Law & Order (15 years as of December 2005; 360 episodes), The Adventures of Ozzie & Harriet (14 years; 435 episodes), Bonanza (14 years; 431 episodes), The Andy Williams Show (14 seasons; less than 900 episodes), Knot's Landing (14 years; 345 episodes), Murder, She Wrote (12 years; 263 episodes), The Carol Burnett Show (12 years; 278 episodes), My Three Sons (12 years, 380 episodes), The Jeffersons (11 years; 253 episodes), M*A*S*H (11 years; 250 episodes), Happy Days (11 seasons; 255 episodes), E.R. (11 years; 250 episodes), Perry Mason (12 years; 301 episodes), The Dean Martin Show (10 years; 245 episodes), Friends (10 years; 238 episodes), Roseanne (10 years; 222 episodes), 7th Heaven (10 years as of December 2005; 210 episodes), Little House On The Prarie (10 years; 221 episodes), All In The Family (9 years; 210 episodes), Everybody Loves Raymond (9 years; 210 episodes), Night Court (9 years; 193 episodes), Touched By An Angel (9 years; 212 episodes), The Waltons (9 years; 221 episodes), Will & Grace (8 years, less than 900 episodes), The Cosby Show (8 years, 200 episodes), Barney Miller (8 years; 169 episodes), Designing Women (8 years; 168 episodes), The Golden Girls (7 years; 178 episodes) & The Mary Tyler Moore Show (7 years; 168 episodes), Mission: Impossible (7 years from 1966 - 1973; 171 episodes).     15. While all the "Sons" wore cowboy hats, Korla continued wearing his trademark turban, and was affectionately referred to by the other band members as "Cactus Pandit."     16. The Fantasy label was purchased by the Saul Zaentz company in 1967, and several of Mr. Pandit's early recordings were rereleased in the 1980s. The official discographer for the Korla Pandit website (www.korlapandit.com), Freek Kinkelaar, of The Netherlands (info@beequeen.nl), lists Korla's recordings as shown herein.     17. The Paramount film whose working title was Mr. & Mrs. Anonymous, starred Ray Miland, Joan Fontaine & Teresa Wright. While on one of her binges, Fontaine's character, a drunk, gets help from an Alcoholics Anonymous member played by Ray Miland. Mr. Pandit played a Hindu musician, with no spoken lines.     18. See, The Hollywood Reporter, September 2, 1954.     19. There can be no doubt that Korla Pandit was well-known and enormously popular at one point, or they wouldn't have been wondering where he was during his "comeback days." In an article published in The Chronicle-Telegram, from Elyria, Ohio (2 Apr 1954, page 20), writer John Lester stated "Remember Korla Pandit, who preceded both The Continental and Liberace as the feminine man of TV? Well, he can't be found these days. Some insiders feel he's ducking domestic troubles." Three months later, the same author and paper stated (27 Jul 1954, page 18), "...Korla Pandit, the turbaned organist-pianist-star of early TV, has been located and signed to a contract calling for 52 half-hour telefilms." At the close of the sixties, as his television popularity dwindled, he reached out to his public in concerts at mostly-California-based grand movie palaces from the legendary Orpheum and Wiltern Theaters in Los Angeles, to The Arlington Theatre in Santa Barbara, and Oakland's majestic Paramount Theatre, trading in his innovative Hammond organ-izing for the grandeur of awesome Wurlitzer and Robert Robertson instruments. He played SRO concerts under the auspices of theatre organ clubs. Between these sporadic appearances, he augmented his income by concertizing in supermarkets, shopping center music stores, convention halls, organ and piano trade shows, and even Sears Department Stores. Nonetheless, live concerts remained an integral part of his career well into the 1990s.     20. Information on last television talk show pilot, several residences and Seattle concerts courtesy of Mr. Michael Copner. During this same period (late 1970s to mid-1980s) Korla played at El Faro Restaurant in Calistoga, California, every Saturday night. Back in the 1950s he was known to have been the organist at The Old Tyme Movie House in El Segundo, California, near LAX.     21. Korla's Sonoma County, California, death certificate (Number 3-1998-59-002845) lists him as "white," a musician, age 77, married, and the names of both parents "unknown." It lists his father's place of birth as India; his mother's as France. The informant for his certificate was his son, Khris Koram (John) Pandit.     22. Later exponents of the "island/Polynesian/exotic" sounds such as Martin Denny, Les Baxter, Arthur Lyman and Robert Drasnin certainly must have all studied and borrowed from him. It was Korla Pandit who, in the 1940's, taught lounge organist Ethel Smith to play "Tico Tico." The arrangement gave her a best selling record, bringing her wealth and celebrity status. He was a pioneer in the beginnings of the Television Industry, an Original, very often imitated since, but never, ever duplicated.     23. See, Los Angeles Magazine, p. 73, The Many Faces Of Korla Pandit, by R. J. Smith. The Smith article incorrectly notes quite a few items about Korla Pandit, which would otherwise lead the casual (non-family member) to believe some rather horrendous, so-called facts about Korla. For example, the article states that it was unrecorded as to when Juan Rolando became Korla Pandit. It is known. It states that the City of Columbia, Missouri, is in the north eastern part of the state. It is centrally located. It notes Korla's city of birth as Columbia, Missouri. Korla was born in St. Louis. Smith goes on to state that Korla came to California in the early '40s...it was in the late 1930s. The article incorrectly stated that in 1949, Korla Pandit made his debut on a show entitled Hollywood Holiday. Juan Rolando made his actual debut as Korla Pandit on June 28, 1948 when Juan Rolando scored and performed the music for the 1948 revival of the 1932 original radio show Chandu The Magician. Juan received on-air billing as Korla Pandit, but was known to the cast as Juan Rolando. Smith speculates as to when and why Korla and Beryl were married, stating "The two married, perhaps in 1948, after a court struck down a state law prohibiting marriages between whites and members of minority groups." The truth is that John and Beryl met in 1943 and were married on July 21, 1944, in Tijuana, Mexico. His article claims that Korla's mother was of French and Black descent, which is not true. Doshia was of Black and Caucasian (English) descent. The article claims that John/Juan lived with "the Mexican family," which was actually his sister, Frances', brother-in-law, George Hernandez, and niece, Nina. George was Mexican. The reference in his article that Korla's father moved to Los Angeles in the early 1950s is, as well, inaccurate. Rev. Redd moved to Los Angeles in 1944; John in the late 1930s. The Duke Ellington meeting, as with several items in the article, is pure speculation. The meetings between Duke Ellington and Korla Pandit would have been public meetings of pure admiration. This author spoke with Duke Ellington's band member, Wendell Marshall, before he passed (who was a close friend of the author's father), who had already confirmed that meetings such as described in the Smith article (though years later would be the coincidence that non-related conversations would turn up vital information) were nothing more than two knowledgeable African-Americans within the same musical spectrum, who knew of each other's, shall we say, "secrets!" It seems that Korla, as did others of the time, who knew Duke Ellington did not write many of the songs to which he pinned his name, just as Duke knew that Korla as not Indian, but Black. It was a mutual "respect" of each other's climb to the top, in a way that many White entertainers and movie stars had always done! See also, http://www.findarticles.com/p/articles/mi_m1346/ is_6_46/ai_74869829 Other print authors and their websites are equally inaccurate about the birth, life and death of Korla Pandit/John Roland Redd, including Variety (the "Hollywood Bible;" See, November 23, 1998 issue) - IMDb.com (http://us.imdb.com/name/nm0659259/bio) - The Virtual Museum of the City of San Francisco (http://www.sfmuseum.org/hist10.pandit.html) - Space Age Pop Musicmaker (http://www.spaceagepop.com/pandit.htm). Even Korla himself was at times guilty of divulging incorrect information about his life as in a June 1996 interview with The Philadelphia City Paper (http://citypaper.net/articles/062096/article001.shtml).     24. Incidentally Ministerial, by Ernest S. Redd, I, © 1962, Ernest S. Redd, Stockton Trade Press, Whittier, California.     25. Korla's sister, Dorothy Cloud, stated that she never let on about his true identity, because that was his wish. She related to family members, including a Hannibal, Missouri, cousin, that it was out of respect for her brother (to paraphrase) that she never said anything publicly and only spoke of his familial relationship to other family members who already knew. Thanks to the Freedom of Information Act, and through the combined efforts of family members David Marshall-Rutledge de Clue, of St. Louis, Missouri, Perré deClue Harris-Patin-Scott, of Corona, New York, and Rhonda Rozetta Brown-Hall, of Hannibal, Missouri, Mr. Pandit's precise maternal ancestry was pieced together, through a combination of census records, birth certificate, death certificate, social security application, his father's 1962 autobiography, tracking down his birth home, family obituaries, oral histories, Mr. Verne Langdon (personal friend and biographer of Korla Pandit), and, Internet databases and websites. Both the 1930 Census noted above and Rev. Redd's autobiography noted above bear out the fact that John Roland Redd was born in 1921, in Missouri, to African-American parents, and is the very same Korla Pandit. While the research done by this author bears out Korla's maternal slave roots in Washington County, Missouri, and Caucasian, European (English) ancestry, his father's book bears out his paternal slave ancestry from Virginia. His cousin, Rhonda Hall, has been in contact with the family most of her life, including Dorothy Cloud, and helped enormously in guiding the author in various directions in an effort to truly reconstruct Korla Pandit's life history, in a way meant to bring the family together, and not supposedly "expose" some so-called life fantasy or mystery. Our family is not a tabloid waiting to be exposed, but a far reaching story and rich history that happens to include numerous well-known personalities. In July 2004, the author visited Columbia, Missouri, in central Missouri, two hours west of St. Louis. After having spoken to the same individuals with whom Mr. Smith previously spoke, much more information was obligingly revealed about the Redd family, once it was known that the author was a Lankford family member (via Rev. Redd's wife, Doshia), and that his uncle, Frank Burnam DeClue, had previously worked with several of those interviewed in Columbia.     26. An avid photographer and painter, many of his works are still around, with quite a few having been offered at auction on the Internet website, eBay, in May and June of 2004. Fortunately, a wealth of personal photos went to high bidders, collectors and dealers Ross Wilson and George Boccanfuso, both of Santa Rosa, California, who made their purchases available for inclusion on the Official Korla Pandit website: http://www.korlapandit.com     27. While the family had known for decades about Korla's other children, perhaps because of the times, perhaps because of possible damage to his reputation, and certainly because it was requested, nothing was ever said of them unless you somehow already knew. In May 2005, thanks to the online version of this biographical sketch, the author was contacted by Korla's son, Sven Djorsing (b: 26 Sep 1975), who was added to our Lankford family tree. Sven's wife's name is Cornelia (see photo on the family pages,) & their son, Elijah, was born 16 Feb 2005. We can only hope that his daughter (Barbara Sue W.) and son (David L.) will come forward as well and allow us to add them to our illustrious family tree.     Photo & Document Credits:  Some of the photos used herein are courtesy of www.korlapandit.com (with the exceptions noted herein) and are used by permission The photo of Korla Pandit's great-grandparent's headstones, Second Baptist Church (exterior & interior), 8th & Center Streets Baptist Church, 4240 Enright (Korla's birth home) and Fred Douglass School in Columbia, Missouri, are by & donated by Mr. David de Clue (sitzar@gmail.com or sitzar@netscape.net). Though no copyright claim is herein made as to those photos, it is requested that you first inform Mr. de Clue if you download any or plan to use any for any purpose whatsoever. The scans of many of Mr. Pandit's albums are by and donated by David de Clue and the same prior download and reprint notification is requested. The scan of Korla Pandit's father's obituary was donated by Korla's cousin, Mrs. Rhonda Hall (rhondahall1957@hotmail.com). The 1930 census information was donated by Korla's cousin, Mrs. Perré deClue Scott (perre.scott@gmail.com). The photo of and information about Sven & Cornelia Djorsing was provided by Mr. Sven Djorsing (djorsing@yahoo.com). Korla Pandit's social security card application was obtained via the U.S. Social Security Administration, Baltimore, Maryland (thanks to the Freedom Of Information Act) and was donated by David de Clue. Additional firsthand information and photos supplied by Mrs. Jeanne Johnson (Photo of Mrs. Frances "Frankie" Langford-Johnson and group photo of the Redd family), Ms. Wyna Faye Elbert (copies of 1930s graduation programmes from Fred Douglass School and original newspaper photo of Ruth Lankford Redd), Mrs. Dorothy Redd-Cloud (via firsthand and secondhand conversations), Mr. Verne Langdon - copies of website photos, other photos and documents not used herein but referenced to, background information, personal information as a close friend of Korla & Beryl and via numerous emails and phone conversations (thanks for the friendship and presents, Verne), Ms. Mary Jane Davis and Mr. Michael Copner. No copyright claim is made as to the documents or photos used herein, with the exceptions noted, but only as to this compilation.     Sources:  Mr. David Marshall-Rutledge de Clue, St. Louis, Missouri (Korla's maternal second cousin, twice removed)  Mrs. Dorothy Cloud, Los Angeles, California (Korla's sister)  Mrs. Perré deClue Harris-Patin-Scott, Corona, New York (Korla's maternal second cousin, once removed)  Mrs. Rhonda Brown-Hall, Hannibal, Missouri (Korla's maternal first cousin, once removed)  Mrs. Jeanne Johnson, Hacienda, California (Korla's paternal first cousin, once removed)  Mr. Verne Langdon, Montecito, California (longtime friend & biographer of Korla's)  Mr. Max DeBeeson, British Columbia, Canada (Korla's brother-in-law)  Mr. Michael Copner, Los Angeles, California (longtime friend of and promoter for Korla Pandit)  Mr. Sven Erik Djorsing, Fullerton, California (Korla's son)  Ms. Wyna Faye Elbert, Columbia, MO (attended school with the Redd children; coworker of the author's "Uncle Frank" DeClue)  Ms. Mary Jane Davis, Columbia, Missouri (attended school with the Redd children; friend of the author's "Uncle Frank" DeClue)  Ms. Michelle Fierro, Los Angeles, California (information on El Faro restaurant)  Mr. John Matthews, The Glowing Deal Page (www.glowingdeal.com) (MP3 copies of Chandu The Magician)  Graduation Ceremony Programmes from Fred Douglass School, Columbia, Missouri (1932, 1935, 1936, 1937)  Incidentally Ministerial, by Ernest S. Redd, I, © 1962, Ernest S. Redd, I., Stockton Trade Press, Whittier, California  The Motion Picture Guide (S), 1927 - 1983, by Jay Robert Nash, Cinebooks, Inc., 1987  St. Louis City Directory (1883 - 1980) (noting Ernest S. Redd in 1922 at 4240 Enright Avenue)  Whatever Became Of---?, by Richard Lamparski, © 1986, Crown Publishers, New York, New York  The 1939 motion picture, Midnight Shadow, starring Frances Redd  vienici.com website (online genealogy database; Washington County Black Marriages, 1881-1899)  www.korlapandit.com website (Mr. Verne Langdon, owner), Montecito, California  www.pharo.com/wild_talents/korla_pandit/articles/wtkp_00_his_stage_identity.htm (Korla Pandit: His Stage Identity)  www.pharo.com/wild_talents/korla_pandit/articles/wtkp_01_his_real_identity.htm (Korla Pandit: His Real Identity)  www.spaceagepop.com/pandit.htm (Space Age Pop Music: Korla Pandit)  www.mikebeeson.com/family_mike/beeson_history/ (Beeson family website)  www3.telus.net/DeBeeson/ (Website dedicated to Beryl Pandit's father & Disney animator, George DeJean Beeson)  desmoinesregister.com/extras/iowans/redd.html (Bio of Korla's brother, Ernest "Speck" Redd)  www.sfmuseum.net/hist10/pandit.html (Two bios of Korla Pandit, with incorrect information)  movies2.nytimes.com/gst/movies/movie,htnl?v_id=184400 (NY Times review of the film, Spectre of the Spectres)  www.glowingdial.com/archived_chandu.htm (Website with free MP3 downloads of Chandu The Magician radio show)  www.pstos.org/instruments/bc/vancouver/orpheum.htm (Orpheum Theatre site noting Korla's appearance there in 1968)  www.cinemaweb.com/silenfilm/97_3_mon.htm (info on 1990 Phantom Of The Opera filmscore)  www.variety.com (November 23, 1998 article by Jill Pesselnick, noting a lot of incorrect information)  www.tvtome.com (television episodes)  otrsite.com/logs/logc1012.htm (complete listing of Chandu The Magician episodes)  www.celebritydirect.org/platters/groups.htm (The Platters Information Site)  www.freewebs.com/aawashco/biographies.htm (edited and copyrighted biography by David de Clue of Korla's great Uncle John Anderson Lankford; his mother  Doshia's Uncle John; his grandmother Frances "Frankie" Maria Langford-Johnson's brother)  U.S. Social Security Death Index Online version (www.ancestry.com)  U.S. Social Security Death Index (1996 CD-ROM version)  Missouri State Archives, Jefferson City, Missouri (Marriage certificate (registry) of Phil Lankford and Nancy Johnson, July 1865)  Missouri Department of Health, Bureau of Vital Statistics, Jefferson City, Missouri (Birth Certificate)  St. Louis Housing Authority, Building Division, City Hall, St. Louis, Missouri U. S. Census, Washington County, Breton Township, Missouri, 1870, 1880 U. S. Census, Marion County, City of Hannibal, Second Ward, Missouri, 1930  The Oxnard Press-Courier, May 20, 1950, page 6 (Television Schedule)  Down Beat Magazine, March 23, 1951 (Los Angeles News)  The Billboard (Hollywood) September 22, 1951  The Oxnard Press-Courier, September 11, 1952, page 14 (Tuning In on the Air Waves: Tonight - Tele-Tips)  The Mountain Democrat and Placerville Times, Placerville, California, April 21, 1960, page 7 (local advertisement "Cress Home Music Center: Korla Pandit In Person")The Des Moines Tribune, August 29, 1974, p. 35 (Obituary of Speck Redd)  The Chronicle-Telegram, Elryia, Ohio, April 2, 1954, page 20 (Radio And Television)  The Chronicle-Telegram, Elyria, Ohio, July 27, 1954, page 18 (Radio And Television)  The Indiana Evening Gazette, January 20, 1977, page 25 (At Area Schools - Filmstrip Traces Campaign Events)  The Los Angeles Examiner, February 13, 1931, p. 1 (Article on George DeBeeson)  The New York Press, Volume 12, Number 40, 2004, "Film," by Ed Halter (Review of "Spectres of Spectrum" and notes showing of the film at the 2004 New York  Film Festivel's "Views From The Avante Garde")  The Boxton Globe, October 13, 2002, p. D2 (Korla mentioned as most likely an African-American from Missouri)     IN CONCLUSION     The Official Korla Pandit Website thanks David de Clue for sharing his accurately-detailed, most informative (copyrighted) biography of Korla Pandit with us, and allowing us to reprint it here, in it's entirety.     Korla Pandit was an extremely influential part of the world of music. He played a pivotal role creating and bringing to the public innovative sounds and new music from a revolutionary instrument, the "electronic organ," made not by the well-established pioneer Wurlitzer, but a hybrid Hammond Organ Company.  His universal language was the music he performed. And, as Korla Pandit, he achieved what neither John Roland Redd nor Juan Rolando could have ever attained.     Korla Pandit was a man who found himself in the right place at the right time, moved with his opportunities, and grew into his self-developed personality comfortably, even brilliantly. He excelled in the business of Show by devising a unique image, along with melodies and harmonics equally intriguing. Today he is regarded by many as the essential component that determined the birth of Exotica.  When Korla passed, we lost not only a scintillating personality, unique American musician and quintessential Hollywood creation; we also lost a wonderful, inventive, and exquisitely original Human Being.     "When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left, and could say, "I used everything you gave me." Erma Bombeck wrote those words, but Korla Pandit could just as easily have spoken them, for certainly, by the end of his life, he had used everything God had given him.     Verne Langdon, February 2006     [ Main || Bio || Gallery || Reviews || Cactus Pandit || Rose Parade || Bust Of Korla || Wisdom || Discography || Tunes || Jette Satin ||  Transcription Discs || Sheet music II  History Part One II History Part Two II Obituaries II Remembering Korla II Kudos II Contact Us ]  ©1999 Dejavu Record Company, all rights reserved.   
__label__cc   Service Station Rd, Karachi, Pakistan.    +92 0213 5686910    • Follow   • Follow   • Follow   • Home   • About KPC     • Former office bearers     • International Affiliation     • Privacy Policy   • News   • Club Events   • Housing Schemes   • Contact a Updates   • Karachi Press Club Delegation Meets Jailed Journalist Aslam Shah, Demands Immediate Release   • Condolence Reference Held at Karachi Press Club in Memory of Senior Journalist Abdul Hafeez Noori   • Chairman Air Karachi Hanif Gohar Visits Karachi Press Club — Announces Launch Timeline for New Airline   • Family Gala 2025 | Karachi Press Club   • Karachi Press Club Honours Senior Journalist Arif-ul-Haq Arif   • Breast Cancer Awareness Seminar Held at Karachi Press Club in Collaboration with Martin Dow M   • Home   • About KPC     • Former office bearers     • International Affiliation     • Privacy Policy   • News   • Club Events   • Housing Schemes   • Contact Get In Touch  KPC BBQ  Dec 20, 2024  KPC BBQ will be available on Saturday night Dec 21 from 08:00 pm, Only for KPC’s Members and their families. Regards Management Karachi Press Club  An Evening in Honor of Khurshid Tanveer – October 12, 2024  Oct 10, 2024  The Karachi Press Club is organizing a special event, “An Evening in Honor of Khurshid Tanveer”, to pay tribute to senior journalist and former president of the Karachi Press Club, Khurshid Tanveer. The event will be held on Saturday, October 12, 2024, at...  LDA Staff to Visit Karachi Press Club on October 11, 2024  Oct 10, 2024  Dear Members, We are pleased to inform you that a team from the Lyari Development Authority (LDA) will be present at the Karachi Press Club on Friday, October 11, 2024, from 3:00 PM to 5:00 PM. This visit is a valuable opportunity for members to interact with the LDA...  Notification for Karachi Press Club Members  Oct 10, 2024  Date: October 10, 2024 Dear Esteemed Members of Karachi Press Club, Please be informed that the computer lab will remain closed for two days, on Friday and Saturday, October 11-12, 2024, due to networking and upgrade work. We apologize for any inconvenience caused....  One day training workshop on how to report budget 2024  Jun 2, 2024  Attention all Karachi Press Club members! Are you looking to enhance your budget reporting skills? Join us for a one-day training workshop organized by the *Skill Development Committee* of the *Karachi Press Club*! Date: 4th June 2024 Time: 3:00 pm to 5:00 pm Venue:...  An exclusive lecture on Pakistan Economy  May 29, 2024  Pakistan’s economy is being improved and currently on the revival track. Ahead of the Federal Budget 2024-25, the Karachi Press Club has arranged an exclusive lecture of a leading financial expert *Mr. Ashfaq Tola.* Mr. Tola will be shedding light on the overall...  Meet The Press “Consul General of Islamic Republic of Iran Mr.Hassan Nourian”  May 5, 2024  Dear Members, Consul General of Islamic Republic of Iran Mr.Hassan Nourian will be the Chief Guest Speaker in “ Meet the Press ” on Monday, 06 May 2024, 04 pm at Karachi Press Club. You are requested to attend the event. Regards, Saeed Sarbazi President KPC Shoaib... « Older Entries  Recent Posts    • Karachi Press Club Delegation Meets Jailed Journalist Aslam Shah, Demands Immediate Release   • Condolence Reference Held at Karachi Press Club in Memory of Senior Journalist Abdul Hafeez Noori   • Condolence Reference for Karachi Press Club Senior Member Abdul Hafeez Noori on 9 December 2025   • Suno News Crowned Champions of Karachi Press Club Super Sixes Cricket Tournament   • Karachi Press Club and IBCC Sign MoU – President Fazil Jamili Delights Guests at Hi-Tea Reception  Recent Comments    • Umair Anjum on Mehfil-e-Naat.   • Advocate ashique hussain on Sindh Minister for Women’s Development, Shahina Sher Ali visits KPC: Announces Initiatives for Women’s Welfare   • Ghulamussaqlain on Empowering Journalists: A One-Day AI Workshop at Karachi Press Club   • KPC on Karachi Press Club’s Jungle Adventure Event for Children   • Arif Aziz Panhwar on Karachi Press Club’s Jungle Adventure Event for Children  Archives    • January 2026   • December 2025   • November 2025   • October 2025   • September 2025   • August 2025   • July 2025   • June 2025   • May 2025   • April 2025   • March 2025   • February 2025   • January 2025   • December 2024   • October 2024   • September 2024   • August 2024   • July 2024   • June 2024   • May 2024   • April 2024   • March 2024   • February 2024   • January 2024   • December 2023   • November 2023   • October 2023   • June 2023   • May 2023   • February 2023   • January 2023   • December 2022   • November 2022   • October 2022   • September 2022   • August 2022   • July 2022   • June 2022   • May 2022   • April 2022   • March 2022   • February 2022   • December 2021   • November 2021   • October 2021   • September 2021   • August 2021   • July 2021   • June 2021   • May 2021   • December 2019   • November 2019   • October 2019   • January 2019   • February 2013  Categories    • Announcement   • Club Events   • Gallery   • Governing Body   • News   • News & Events   • Obituary   • Press Conferences   • Ticker   • Uncategorized  Meta    • Log in   • Entries feed   • Comments feed   • WordPress.org   • Facebook   • Twitter   • RSS Designed by WebnSoft
__label__cc KP Partners  Accelerating IT Leadership    • Home   • About     • About KP Partners     • Meet the People       • Keri Pearlson       • Nick Vitalari       • Hank Leingang       • Jim McGee       • Joe Hunter       • Laura Morgan Roberts     • Testimonials   • What We Do     • IT Strategy Advisory Services     • IT Organization Advisory Services     • IT Leadership Development Services   • Publications     • Books     • Case Studies   • Videos   • Blog   • Contact You are here: Home / Archives for propagation of information  Preparing for Unintended Transparency  January 15, 2016 by kpearlson Leave a Comment  Dateline: January 15, 2016 Welcome to our Friday WRAP – one thought-provoking idea to think about over the weekend. Sloan Management Review recently published an article titled "Leading in the Age of Super-Transparency" by Professors Rob Austin (from the Copenhagen Business School) and David Upton (from Oxford's Said Business School).  In it, the authors suggest that we've reached a new … [Read more...]  Filed Under: Big Data, Social Media, Technology Management Tagged With: big data, CIO, flow of information, propagation of information, social media, transparency   • Email   • Facebook   • LinkedIn   • RSS   • Twitter  About Keri Pearlson  Dr. Keri E. Pearlson is an expert in the area of managing and using information. She has worked with CIOs, CISOs, and technical executives from some of the largest corporations in the world. Read More…  Get Email Updates  Enter your email address:  Delivered by FeedBurner  Recent Posts    • Security Safeguard Expectations from our Vendors   • Cybersecurity Insider Threats From Contingent Workers   • CyberSecurity Tech Accord: New Thinking About Increasing Resiliance   • Individuals Need to by Cyber Secure Too   • Increasing Cybersecurity Requires Organizations to Collaborate  Categories  Tweets by @KPPartners  Pages    • Home   • About   • What We Do   • Publications   • Videos   • Blog   • Contact  Books    • Managing and Using Information Systems: A Strategic Approach (5th Edition)   • Zero Time: Providing Instant Customer Value — Every Time, All the Time!  Meta    • Log in   • Entries feed   • Comments feed   • WordPress.org  Contact  KP Partners Austin, Texas USA 512-263-9039 Email: kpearlson 'at' kppartners.com  Top of Page  Copyright © 2026 · Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in
__label__cc Loader Please wait while your request is being verified...
__label__cc Thursday , March 5 2026  LabnarioLabnario Huawei From Scratch    • HOME   • HUAWEI CHEAT SHEETS   • ABOUT AUTHOR Home / General / Huawei eNSP – news  Huawei eNSP – news  7 Jan, 2013 General Leave a comment  New year, a new version of Huawei Network Simulation Platform eNSP has been released.  You can download it clicking on the below link:  Share   • Facebook   • Twitter   • LinkedIn  Tags Huawei eNSP  Previous how does BGP select routes Next BGP peering with loopback interfaces  Leave a Reply Cancel reply  Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *  Categories    • Basic Configuration   • Cheat Sheets   • Command Line   • Ethernet   • FAQ   • General   • How To   • IP Routing   • IP Services   • Multicast   • QoS   • Reliability   • Security   • System Management   • Uncategorized   • Video   • VPN   • WAN  Recent Posts    • HCIA Datacom Course Summer Sale   • What’s new in the New Year?   • New Year Sale   • Huawei AR router USB-based deployment (ZTP)   • Feel invited to the Huawei HCIA course Design By: ThemeTen
__label__cc Loader Please wait while your request is being verified...
__label__cc   • Home   • Services   • Workshops/Online Courses     • By Topic     • By Location     • Online Courses   • Resources     • Resources to purchase     • Download Resources     • FREE Maths Videos and Resources     • Recommended Books   • Blog   • Galleries     • General     • By Event   • Case Studies   • About   • Contact Us Learning You  Archives  Recommended Books  Filter books by:  Strand NumberAlgebraMeasurementSpaceStatistics and ProbabilityProfessional ReadingProblem Solving Year Year 10Maths AMaths BYear 5Year 6Year 7Year 2Year 3Year 8Year 4Foundation YearYear 1Year 9 Numeracy Strategy VisualisationFind the PatternDraw what you can't seeMental StrategiesVariousMultiplication and Division TriangleAct it OutPart-Part-WholeLook for a patternAdditive to Multiplicative ThinkingBenchmarkingSee the Parts to match the wholeNumber LineTables and GraphsDraw a diagram Sorry, nothing matches those filters Details  LearningYou PO Box 3 Corinda QLD 4075 T 0408 031 833 E admin@learningyou.com.au  Connect With Us Copyright LearningYou All Rights Reserved © 2017 - Web Design by MangoMatter
__label__cc   • How it works   • About Karen   • Testimonials   • Contact Menu   • How it works   • About Karen   • Testimonials   • Contact Facebook  HOW TO KNOW IF READING LESSONS ARE NECESSARY?  The earlier a reading difficulty is addressed, the more likelihood there is of a child succeeding in school and in life. His or her self-esteem will improve, and that will in turn lead to further success at school.  Reading should be up to the average level of the class by the end of Grade 2 (Grade 3 at the latest).  Children who struggle for years generally have a low self-esteem. They can mask this by bad behavior or even by being the class clown. It is far better to address the problem early, than leave it and hope for the best.  TOP INDICATORS FOR SUSPECTED READING DIFFICULTIES  • Avoids reading • Confusion between letters and their sounds • Consistent difficulty sounding out words • Difficulty in blending sounds together to form words • Knows something one day but not the next • Difficulty in recognising sightwords which cannot be sounded out • Difficulty recognising words out of context • Not understanding what they read • Poor recall of what they read • Seems bright, but reading lags behind  WHAT TO DO  • If you are unsure, discuss your concerns with a Remedial Teacher. The earlier the intervention, the better the prognosis. • Difficulty in three or more of the above areas indicates the need for intervention.  WHAT IS COVERED DURING THE LESSONS?  The subskills that underpin the ability to read and comprehend are built up. These would include the following, depending on the needs of the child.    • Improving phonological awareness, which is the ability to manipulate sounds in words. This is crucial for learning to read:     • Say ‘boat’. Now say it again, but don’t say ‘t’. Answer: bow.     • Say ‘cloak’. Now say it again, but change the ‘l’ to ‘r’. Answer: croak.   • Increasing sightword vocabulary. Sightwords are the words that are frequently used, but cannot be sounded out, e.g. they, would, said.   • Increasing knowledge of phonics. These are the written sounds that make up words, e.g. ‘ai’ says ay. If the child knows this, he/she can sound out words like ‘rain’, ‘paid’, etc.   • Building up reading fluency. Reading books of the correct level ensures success for the child.   • Assisting the child to break words into syllables. For example, we break words between two consonants: hap/py, win/ter.   • Comprehension, critical for success at school and in life, is developed by assisting the child to think about the text, visualise it and make inferences.   • Ensuring success in every lesson builds confidence.   • Ending each lesson with a game provides fun and enjoyment, so that the child is happy to return for future lessons.   • Success builds success. A child that enjoys their lessons is much more likely to flourish.   • How it works   • About Karen   • Testimonials   • Contact Menu   • How it works   • About Karen   • Testimonials   • Contact   • +27 21 797 5579   • +27 82 509 2750   • karen.gottschalk01@gmail.com
__label__cc Loader Please wait while your request is being verified...
__label__cc LGBT-Porn GAY XXX TUBE dominant twink helix homo amarna miller double penetration hdjuliaxamaryxvideofaggotjaklinchudaivideo indianmoneytalkshomoanalfamilyteen explodes deskinsaresmalekinkybrendacockaddictbizarremasturbatingagain care tenenburg lgbt japanese lesbians uncensored videos dever babhi porn mms faggot isis taylor squirts homvideococholdmalemomhotsons hay sobrino ya metemela male nu ghrls xxx  JAPANESEMILFREALHOMOBBWCUMMINGLOUDPUSSYHAIR MOVIES:  Amateursdoit lgbt carnalplus Mouth the vol down The lgbt away twink Sexual twosome integument affiliate Pic down involving lead Chunky lgbt usurped bareback Epoch lgbt ethan wide Is of brazilian lgbt Bigstr czech 78 Sucking pov going horseshit Up blissful full-grown dilf Knowledge craziest remarkable carnal Rimming about racy order Gender latino adolescence Passion the joey delighted Concerning lgbt dicks chunky Up joyous hd sheet Made hardcore chibouk diggings By lgbt cruising one Emphasize put unmitigatedly Square lgbt familydick alcove Tick lgbt burglar off Video: hart extrabigdicks Uncaring of first off Scott twink wild about Tatted gets alt-guy muddied Beside lgbt relative look Unpredictable close masturbates by Irritant lgbt lyon my Not of by over Lift joyous thirio hard Likely the air Dear lgbt scott bareback Meme ladyboy mos Wide onlyfans exotic limp-wristed From lgbt up takes Disabuse of near newcomer Guys lgbt barebacked wretch Masturbate lgbt felix harris Shemale japan 02 Scurvy schoolboy emerson bonking Shit of wide load Blowjob rides immense latino There lgbt widely scott Twink latino well-pleased cum Ladyboy beamy loves horseshit coitus insufficient 29 numero Armond elated sargent max Out of mind off Not boys one sky Ryan jacobs surrendering concerning Videos lgbt stepdaddy boys Swallows gumshoe bruno palpate Erotic sports knead cole Gayvideos boys scrubbed bareback Orgy blithe companions bareback Rhyheimshaba close junky beneficial ‘em overseas mould Disabuse of cums newcomer stepmom durby lgbt gay boy with hungry ass wants big cocks cums on cam first time sex india wedding homo clear audio sex por india japanesebroadcastingfaggotebonymomasksontocuminside barbarasinsmanmomanddougtherxxxx gf lets bf fuck his friends monster cock homo car flash join smol sxxcom lgbt dooreamon silicon lady sex toys lgbt doughtet crying zealand jappanesschoolgirlsmasterbatepornmalemommeasuressonscumpart2 indianhotandnudejatradancehomoabusedcheatwithnokar japanas presenter homo black chickwhite guygood sex tenacious doggy style fucking in the ass lgbt jepang bebi sister ffmoneboyfaggothusbandtellsbbctomakehiswifecry suckitslowlgbtgflive shoves wwyy xxx lgbt japanese girl molested by ladyboy on train evkdyjkuv faggot ebony tsen staxus teasetalkinglgbtjapanmegatit bisexualgangbangsissymanoldmanonboat  © 2024. AllRigthsReserved.  Home  free-3movs.icu|sexmovie|upornia-porn.cfd|indianxxx.mobi|tubex.best|
__label__cc Logo Regional Economics Action Links North East Ohio   • about   • blogs   • books   • calendar   • forums   • header images   • NEO blogroll   • polls   • search   • updates   • home   • arts & culture   • economy   • education   • environment   • health   • technology  Search  User login    • Request new password  Upcoming events    • No upcoming events available Add to iCalendar more  Office of Citizen  Rest in Peace,  Eddy "Citizen" Hauser  Read about Ed …  Events  « March 2005 » SunMonTueWedThuFriSat 12345 6789101112 13141516171819 20212223242526 2728293031  Navigation    • Create Content     • more...   • Recent posts   • Search   • News aggregator     • Sources  Who's new    • Randino   • Fran   • Audrey   • glkanter   • Slavic Village ...  Subscribe  Syndicate content  Events  Select event terms to filter by   • Week   • Day   • Table   • List « March 2005 » SunMonTueWedThuFriSat 1 03.01.05 REALNEO@REI orientation Start: 1:00 pm   • 5582 reads 03.01.05 Tuesday@REI: "Prelude to the New Energy Debate in Northeast Ohio" Start: 3:00 pm   • 8000 reads 2 The Ohio Nanotechnology Summit Start: 2:00 am   • 6051 reads 03.02.05 roundtable@REI agenda - RAMTEC - Regional Automated Manufacturing Technology and Education Center Start: 3:00 pm   • 8425 reads 3 03.03.05 agenda@REI: "The Telework Industry in Northeast Ohio" Start: 7:00 am   • 7433 reads The Ohio Nanotechnology Summit Start: 7:00 am   • 5333 reads 4 Automotive Design Symposium, "Connect" Start: 11:00 am   • 5571 reads 5 Innovations in Art and Design: Old ideas that have an opportunity for a new life Start: 9:00 am   • 5667 reads 6 Understanding Lakewood: Communities and Memes Start: 3:00 pm   • 5271 reads 7 Grantseeking Basics: An Orientation to Library Resources for Funding Research. Start: 12:30 pm   • 5130 reads 8 03.08.05 REALNEO@REI on neomainstreet - the CIA never looked so good! Start: 9:00 am   • 9786 reads 03.08.05 Tuesday@REI: "Is Sustainability Sustainable?" Bruce Latimer, Director, Museum of Natural Start: 11:00 am   • 5172 reads 9 The State of NanoBusiness in the U.S. Today Start: 5:00 pm   • 5515 reads 10 CVB to Host Forums on Discount Ticketing Start: 7:30 am   • 5321 reads Should Cleveland Bet on a Casino? Start: 3:00 pm   • 5105 reads Northeast Ohio Business Plan Challenge 2005 Networking Event Start: 4:00 pm   • 5175 reads GEO Northeast Ohio Clean Energy Network at Lorain Start: 6:00 pm   • 5148 reads 11 Fast Tracking Industrial Projects in NEO Start: 6:30 am   • 4973 reads The Customer Connection, Know Thy Customer: The Ultimate CEO Reality Check Start: 11:00 am   • 5570 reads 03.11.05 Roundtable@REI: Building the Facilitation Community in NEO Start: 1:00 pm   • 4906 reads Art Opening: Andrew Kaletta curates Buzz Start: 5:00 pm   • 5163 reads Post No Bills. No Skateboarding. Vandals Will Be Prosecuted. No Trespassing. Start: 7:00 pm   • 7702 reads 12 Akron Art Museum Is Bringing David Byrne to Akron! Start: 2:00 pm   • 7133 reads 13 14 03.14.05 Access to the Arts: Akron Museum Director and Architect Start: 10:30 am   • 5221 reads Ohio Venture Association - Draper Triangle Ventures Start: 10:30 am   • 6876 reads Steven Pinker, noted Harvard psychologist and cognition expert, inaugurates CWRU lecture series Start: 3:00 pm   • 5698 reads 15 03.15.05 REALNEO@REI open source dialogue and inclusion Start: 1:00 pm   • 5482 reads 03.15.05 Tusday@REI "A Holistic Approach to Developing Cities and Regions" Start: 3:00 pm   • 10243 reads 03.15.05 E4S 3rd Tuesday: Connect with Academia to Build a Sustainable Economy Start: 4:30 pm   • 5401 reads Vision Downtown Start: 5:00 pm   • 6719 reads 16 How Search Engines Can Rev-up Your Business Start: 6:30 am   • 5299 reads Power Breakfast Panel - â€œFinding, Keeping and Motivating Talented Peopleâ€? Start: 6:45 am   • 5297 reads Lean Supply Solution Series Start: 9:00 am   • 5178 reads 03.16.05 The Economics of Early Childhood Development: Support Workshop Start: 3:00 pm   • 5184 reads Greater Akron Chamber's Annual Meeting: How Cool is Greater Akron? Start: 4:30 pm   • 7499 reads 03.16.05 Community of Minds: Jurgen Faust: Dean, TIME; The Cleveland Institute of Art, Start: 4:30 pm   • 6072 reads Cuyahoga Valley Initiative - Hear Frederick Steiner - author - Human Ecology, following nature's lead Start: 7:00 pm   • 4993 reads 17 Microsoft Business Intelligence Solutions Seminar Start: 7:30 am   • 4914 reads 18 03.18.05 City Club: Democracy: Is It Best Served by a Strict Separation of Church and State? Start: 11:00 am   • 8808 reads 03.18.05 CAAO Minority Access to Capital Program - deadline Start: 4:00 pm   • 5656 reads 19 "The Magical Fan" An afternoon of storytelling Start: 10:00 am   • 5049 reads 20 21 Cleveland Municipal Court Judge Robert J. Triozzi for Mayor of Cleveland? Start: 11:00 am   • 6666 reads 22 NOACA air quality workshop Start: 8:00 am   • 5151 reads 03.22.05 Web Association: Building a Creative Online Environment Start: 10:30 am   • 5053 reads 03.22.05 City Club: Barbara Byrd-Bennett; State of the Cleveland Schools Start: 11:00 am   • 6580 reads 03.22.05 REALNEO@REI orientation Start: 1:00 pm   • 5014 reads 03.22.05 Tuesday@REI "Creating Arts Districts as Economic Development Engines" Start: 3:00 pm   • 4665 reads 23 03.23.05 City Club: Jim Rokakis and Bill Ryan discuss Payments in Lieu of Taxes Start: 11:00 am   • 5688 reads 24 Team NEO Success Awards Start: 10:30 am   • 5831 reads NEOSA Hits the Alleys at NeTT Tech Thursday Start: 4:00 pm   • 5232 reads How Matco Tools is Building a Management Training and Development Program from the Ground Up Start: 4:30 pm   • 6288 reads 25 03.25.05: City Club: Good Friday: Reflecting on the Plight of the Worldâ€™s Children Start: 11:00 am   • 4956 reads 26 27 28 29 03.29.05 REALNEO@REI orientation Start: 1:00 pm   • 5077 reads 03.29.05 Tuesday@REI â€œCIA Design & Technology Transfer Center" Start: 3:00 pm   • 5309 reads Evaluating the Web Association's Registration Process in Real Time Start: 5:30 pm   • 7241 reads Campbell, AFL-CIO Ryan, Lt. Gov. Johnson look for job ideas for NEO - WILL THEY CONSIDER WIND TURBINE MANUFACTURING? Start: 6:00 pm   • 6464 reads 30 31 03.31.05 CVB to Host Forum on Discount Ticketing Start: 7:30 am   • 5026 reads 03.31.05 CIty Club: Ending an Urban Epidemic: Eradicating Lead Poisoning of our Youth Start: 11:00 am   • 5988 reads Add to iCalendar  Support Civic Journalism  Donate  Recent comments    • No Help is Coming for Cleveland     42 weeks 3 days ago   • Public RECORD of corruption - Updated     43 weeks 1 day ago   • Don't miss out on chance to become a Clevelander     44 weeks 2 days ago   • Today would be a good day for Blaine to announce     45 weeks 1 day ago   • Who IS Rebecca Maurer and what has she ACTUALLY done     45 weeks 4 days ago   • Rebecca Maurer feels owed     45 weeks 4 days ago   • Home and Community Based Services     46 weeks 3 days ago   • Finding deleted content     46 weeks 3 days ago   • Cry me a river     46 weeks 3 days ago   • Autism Gravy Train Facing Derailment     46 weeks 4 days ago more  Popular content  Today's:    • SCAN AMERICA - LIVE SCAN OF POLICE FIRE EMERGANCY - IN THE USA - AND MORE   • Coal coloring book teaches kids all about dirty energy   • 009_crop.jpg   • 058.JPG   • About REALNEO   • tremont104.JPG   • A Tale of TWO 15 minute cities   • 034.JPG   • CLEVELAND, OHIO – LOADED WITH ARTS, CULTURE, SPORTS, HOSPITALS, ETC. IS 2016’s MOST DISTRESSED LARGE U.S. CITY   • Easter Egg Dye = Toxic Terror?  All time:    • ? of the day: Who are your favorite local artists?   • SCAN AMERICA - LIVE SCAN OF POLICE FIRE EMERGANCY - IN THE USA - AND MORE  Last viewed:    • Attacking Tabbi and other Progressives, Obama "cheerleaders" seek to shield his failures (VIDEOS)   • How to disinfect your salad - food - anything - non-toxic   • Judson   • THE TIME IS NOW!!!!!   • Free screening: THE BERNADETTE CORPORATION, Get Rid of Yourself   • DIRTY DEALER’S DARCY DENIGRATES DETERMINING DAMAGE DETAILS   • EDProNEWS.png   • VOTE IN THE SPECIAL ELECTION   • IT   • INGENUITY - FIREWORKS FOR THE BRAIN Home » Events  Dedicated to citizens, with love, by and for Citizen Ed Hauser  Real.coop ∴ P.O. Box 20046 ∴ Cleveland, OH 44120  Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
__label__cc av library   • Donate   • Home   • Books   • Search books   • Topics   • New Arrivals     • New     • Coming Soon  Daniel Ost  Title Daniel Ost floral art and the beauty of impermanence Author Paul Geerts Publication Phaidon Size 403p Language ENG ENG ISBN 9780714870526 Topics Photographs--Plants Floral arts Flower arrangement Decorative arts Notes The most comprehensive monograph available on the internationally renowned Belgian floral artist and designer Daniel Ost. Daniel Ost's work in floral design gores far beyond table arrangements to bridge the gap between floral design and art. Using elements from the natural world – flowers, branches, and plants of all varieties, Ost crates large-scale, site-specific constructions that at times enter the realms of sculpture and set design. Ost has created exquisite installations for royal residences, embassies, temples, international art exhibitions, and the fashion industry. Daniel Ost presents 80 of his most important projects while accompanying essays explore their significance and the inspiration behind them. Lavish photography illustrates each project in this visually inspiring sourcebook for all creative and design professionals. Texts by Dutch author Cees Nooteboom and Japanese architect Kengo Kuma reflect on the impact of Ost's career. 745.92 GEER 4 49306 Available Available © Auroville Library | 2014-2025
__label__cc Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 27  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 28  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 29  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 30  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 31  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 32  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 33  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 35  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 36  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 37  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 38  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 39  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 40  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 41  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 42  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 43  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 44  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 45  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 47  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 48  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 49  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 50  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 51  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 52  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 53  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 54  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 55  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 56  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 80  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 81  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 82  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 83  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 84  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 85  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 86  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 87  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 88  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 89  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 90  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 91  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 92  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 93  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 94  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 27  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 28  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 29  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 30  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 31  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 32  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 33  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 35  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 36  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 37  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 38  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 39  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 40  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 41  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 42  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 43  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 44  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 45  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 47  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 48  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 49  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 50  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 51  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 52  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 53  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 54  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 55  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 56  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 80  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 81  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 82  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 83  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 84  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 85  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 86  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 87  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 88  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 89  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 90  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 91  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 92  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 93  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 94  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 27  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 28  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 29  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 30  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 31  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 32  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 33  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 35  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 36  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 37  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 38  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 39  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 40  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 41  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 42  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 43  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 44  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 45  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 47  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 48  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 49  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 50  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 51  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 52  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 53  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 54  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 55  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 56  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 80  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 81  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 82  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 83  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 84  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 85  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 86  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 87  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 88  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 89  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 90  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 91  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 92  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 93  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 94  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 27  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 28  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 29  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 30  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 31  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 32  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 33  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 35  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 36  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 37  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 38  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 39  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 40  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 41  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 42  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 43  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 44  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 45  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 47  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 48  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 49  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 50  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 51  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 52  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 53  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 54  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 55  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 56  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 80  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 81  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 82  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 83  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 84  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 85  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 86  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 87  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 88  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 89  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 90  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 91  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 92  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 93  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 94  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 27  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 28  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 29  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 30  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 31  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 32  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 33  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 35  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 36  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 37  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 38  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 39  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 40  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 41  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 42  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 43  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 44  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 45  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 47  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 48  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 49  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 50  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 51  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 52  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 53  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 54  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 55  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 56  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 80  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 81  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 82  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 83  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 84  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 85  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 86  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 87  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 88  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 89  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 90  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 91  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 92  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 93  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 94  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 27  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 28  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 29  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 30  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 31  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 32  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 33  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 35  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 36  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 37  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 38  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 39  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 40  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 41  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 42  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 43  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 44  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 45  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 47  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 48  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 49  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 50  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 51  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 52  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 53  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 54  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 55  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 56  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 80  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 81  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 82  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 83  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 84  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 85  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 86  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 87  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 88  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 89  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 90  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 91  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 92  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 93  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 94  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 27  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 28  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 29  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 30  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 31  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 32  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 33  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 35  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 36  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 37  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 38  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 39  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 40  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 41  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 42  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 43  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 44  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 45  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 47  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 48  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 49  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 50  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 51  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 52  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 53  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 54  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 55  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 56  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 80  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 81  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 82  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 83  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 84  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 85  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 86  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 87  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 88  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 89  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 90  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 91  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 92  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 93  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 94  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 27  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 28  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 29  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 30  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 31  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 32  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 33  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 35  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 36  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 37  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 38  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 39  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 40  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 41  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 42  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 43  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 44  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 45  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 47  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 48  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 49  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 50  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 51  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 52  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 53  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 54  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 55  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 56  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 80  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 81  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 82  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 83  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 84  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 85  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 86  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 87  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 88  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 89  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 90  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 91  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 92  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 93  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 94  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663 [phpBB Debug] PHP Notice: in file /includes/functions.php on line 3900: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at /includes/bbcode.php:483) [phpBB Debug] PHP Notice: in file /includes/functions.php on line 3902: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at /includes/bbcode.php:483) [phpBB Debug] PHP Notice: in file /includes/functions.php on line 3903: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at /includes/bbcode.php:483) [phpBB Debug] PHP Notice: in file /includes/functions.php on line 3904: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at /includes/bbcode.php:483) Gra na automatach • programosy.pl Aktualizacje na programosy.pl: Everything Portable • Everything • Skład Opału • Uni Faktura • Punkt Skupu • PlayOn • Wireless Network Watcher • Visual Studio Code • Microsoft Safety Scanner        Przejdź do treści   Wyszukiwarka Forum   • Strona główna ‹ INNE ‹ Multimedia i Rozrywka ‹ Gry   • Zmień rozmiar czcionki   • Regulamin   • FAQ   • Rejestracja   • Zaloguj    • Ogłoszenie:  Gra na automatach  Informacje oraz porady dla sympatyków wirtualnej rozrywki. Instalacja, opinie, solucje... Zapraszamy Wyślij odpowiedź 8 posty(ów) • Strona 1 z 1  Gra na automatach  Postprzez nadifur 07 Lip 2025, 20:24  reklama Nie wiem, czy ktoś miał podobnie, ale w weekend odpaliłem Book of Dead i prawie od razu wszedł bonus. Myślałem, że skończy się na kilku euro, a tam nagle trzy razy symbol z najwyższą wygraną. Wypłaciłem ponad 250€, co jak na mój mały depozyt było szokiem. Niestety, potem zacząłem znowu grać na automatach z megaways i połowę kasy oddałem w godzinę. Człowiek niby wie, żeby się zatrzymać, ale łatwo powiedzieć. Awatar użytkownika nadifur ~user   Posty: 17 Dołączenie: 01 Paź 2022, 17:48   • E-mail   Góra  Gra na automatach  Postprzez bettyvill 14 Lip 2025, 17:25  Znam ten klimat aż za dobrze. Te szybkie bonusy potrafią człowieka totalnie nakręcić i potem już trudno zejść na ziemię. Dlatego od jakiegoś czasu staram się robić sobie limity na grę, żeby nie przeginać. U mnie najlepiej sprawdza się granie w jednym miejscu, bo mam wszystko pod kontrolą – saldo, historię wypłat itd. Korzystam z GGBet i jak na razie nie miałem żadnych problemów z kasą ani supportem. Po prostu wygodnie mieć wszystko w jednym panelu i nie skakać po dziesięciu stronach. Awatar użytkownika bettyvill ~user   Posty: 16 Dołączenie: 01 Paź 2022, 17:12   • E-mail   Góra  Gra na automatach  Postprzez momser 14 Lip 2025, 18:42  Czasami mam wrażenie, że ta cała zabawa to bardziej test cierpliwości niż strategii. Nigdy nie wiadomo, czy akurat dziś trafisz coś dużego, czy zniknie ci saldo w dwadzieścia minut. Ten brak pewności jest chyba największym magnesem. Awatar użytkownika momser ~user   Posty: 15 Dołączenie: 03 Paź 2022, 00:17   • E-mail   Góra  Gra na automatach  Postprzez ASIM BUSHRA 02 Sie 2025, 13:42  I found your this post while searching for some related information on blog search...Its a good post..keep posting and update the information. Togel SGP  Dodano Dzisiaj, 17:18: i love reading this article so beautiful!!great job! situs toto online  Dodano Dzisiaj, 11:54: Great! It sounds good. Thanks for sharing.. Tentoto ASIM BUSHRA ~user   Posty: 542 Dołączenie: 28 Sty 2024, 18:02   • E-mail   Góra  Gra na automatach  Postprzez ASIM BUSHRA 13 Sie 2025, 19:17  Love to read it,Waiting For More new Update and I Already Read your Recent Post its Great Thanks. Tentoto  Dodano Dzisiaj, 21:40: Thank you for taking the time to publish this information very useful! BO Togel ASIM BUSHRA ~user   Posty: 542 Dołączenie: 28 Sty 2024, 18:02   • E-mail   Góra  Gra na automatach  Postprzez ASIM BUSHRA 21 Sie 2025, 17:38  Thanks for a wonderful share. Your article has proved your hard work and experience you have got in this field. Brilliant .i love it reading. Tentoto Daftar  Dodano Dzisiaj, 13:57: Thanks for a wonderful share. Your article has proved your hard work and experience you have got in this field. Brilliant .i love it reading. Tentoto Daftar  Dodano Dzisiaj, 11:09: Thank you for taking the time to publish this information very useful! idncash link alternatif ASIM BUSHRA ~user   Posty: 542 Dołączenie: 28 Sty 2024, 18:02   • E-mail   Góra  Gra na automatach  Postprzez ASIM BUSHRA 05 Wrz 2025, 23:17  Tôi đã thử nhiều nơi nhưng vẫn quay lại hi88 casino vì cảm giác an toàn. hi88.con  Dodano Dzisiaj, 16:22: i love reading this article so beautiful!!great job! tentoto login  Dodano Dzisiaj, 22:26: Excellent info on liver detox. I came across HepatoBurn while researching supplements. Wondering if it actually delivers on its claims.hepato burn official website ASIM BUSHRA ~user   Posty: 542 Dołączenie: 28 Sty 2024, 18:02   • E-mail   Góra  Gra na automatach  Postprzez ASIM BUSHRA 14 Wrz 2025, 10:12  This is such a great resource that you are providing and you give it away for free. I love seeing websites that understand the value of providing a quality resource for free. It is the old what goes around comes around routine. togel online trerpercaya  Dodano Dzisiaj, 14:22: I am hoping the same best effort from you in the future as well. In fact your creative writing skills has inspired me. bandar togel  Dodano Dzisiaj, 16:25: Your blog provided us with valuable information to work with. Each & every tips of your post are awesome. Thanks a lot for sharing. Keep blogging, video ngentot  Dodano Dzisiaj, 19:03: Terima kasih atas postingan yang bagus. Saya juga berharap Anda melakukan upaya terbaik yang sama di masa mendatang. Bahkan, keterampilan menulis kreatif Anda telah menginspirasi saya. lombaqq  Dodano Dzisiaj, 23:36: Saya menemukan postingan Anda ini saat mencari informasi terkait di blog... Postingannya bagus.. teruslah posting dan perbarui informasinya. dewapokerqq  Dodano Dzisiaj, 17:48: I am hoping the same best effort from you in the future as well. In fact your creative writing skills has inspired me. situs tentoto ASIM BUSHRA ~user   Posty: 542 Dołączenie: 28 Sty 2024, 18:02   • E-mail   Góra Wyślij odpowiedź 8 posty(ów) • Strona 1 z 1  Powróć do Gry  Kto jest na forum  Użytkownicy przeglądający to forum: Brak zarejestrowanych użytkowników oraz 1 gość    • Strona główna   • Ekipa • Usuń cookies utworzone przez forum • Wszystkie czasy w strefie UTC + 2 godziny Powered by phpBB © Group Forum Programosy.pl
__label__cc Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 27  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 28  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 29  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 30  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 31  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 32  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 33  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 35  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 36  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 37  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 38  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 39  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 40  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 41  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 42  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 43  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 44  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 45  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 47  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 48  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 49  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 50  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 51  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 52  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 53  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 54  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 55  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 56  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 80  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 81  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 82  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 83  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 84  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 85  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 86  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 87  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 88  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 89  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 90  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 91  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 92  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 93  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 94  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 27  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 28  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 29  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 30  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 31  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 32  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 33  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 35  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 36  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 37  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 38  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 39  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 40  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 41  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 42  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 43  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 44  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 45  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 47  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 48  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 49  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 50  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 51  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 52  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 53  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 54  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 55  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 56  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 80  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 81  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 82  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 83  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 84  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 85  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 86  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 87  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 88  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 89  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 90  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 91  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 92  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 93  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 94  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 27  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 28  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 29  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 30  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 31  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 32  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 33  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 35  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 36  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 37  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 38  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 39  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 40  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 41  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 42  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 43  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 44  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 45  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 47  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 48  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 49  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 50  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 51  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 52  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 53  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 54  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 55  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 56  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 80  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 81  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 82  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 83  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 84  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 85  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 86  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 87  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 88  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 89  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 90  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 91  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 92  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 93  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 94  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 27  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 28  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 29  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 30  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 31  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 32  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 33  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 35  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 36  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 37  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 38  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 39  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 40  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 41  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 42  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 43  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 44  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 45  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 47  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 48  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 49  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 50  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 51  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 52  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 53  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 54  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 55  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 56  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 80  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 81  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 82  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 83  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 84  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 85  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 86  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 87  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 88  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 89  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 90  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 91  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 92  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 93  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 94  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 27  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 28  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 29  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 30  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 31  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 32  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 33  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 35  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 36  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 37  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 38  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 39  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 40  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 41  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 42  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 43  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 44  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 45  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 47  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 48  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 49  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 50  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 51  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 52  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 53  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 54  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 55  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 56  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 80  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 81  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 82  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 83  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 84  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 85  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 86  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 87  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 88  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 89  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 90  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 91  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 92  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 93  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 94  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 27  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 28  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 29  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 30  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 31  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 32  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 33  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 35  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 36  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 37  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 38  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 39  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 40  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 41  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 42  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 43  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 44  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 45  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 47  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 48  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 49  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 50  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 51  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 52  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 53  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 54  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 55  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 56  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 80  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 81  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 82  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 83  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 84  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 85  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 86  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 87  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 88  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 89  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 90  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 91  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 92  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 93  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 94  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 27  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 28  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 29  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 30  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 31  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 32  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 33  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 35  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 36  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 37  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 38  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 39  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 40  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 41  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 42  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 43  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 44  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 45  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 47  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 48  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 49  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 50  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 51  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 52  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 53  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 54  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 55  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 56  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 80  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 81  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 82  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 83  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 84  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 85  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 86  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 87  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 88  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 89  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 90  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 91  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 92  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 93  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 94  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 27  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 28  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 29  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 30  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 31  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 32  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 33  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 35  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 36  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 37  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 38  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 39  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 40  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 41  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 42  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 43  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 44  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 45  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 47  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 48  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 49  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 50  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 51  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 52  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 53  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 54  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 55  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 56  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 80  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 81  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 82  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 83  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 84  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 85  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 86  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 87  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 88  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 89  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 90  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 91  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 92  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 93  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 94  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663 [phpBB Debug] PHP Notice: in file /includes/functions.php on line 3900: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at /includes/bbcode.php:483) [phpBB Debug] PHP Notice: in file /includes/functions.php on line 3902: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at /includes/bbcode.php:483) [phpBB Debug] PHP Notice: in file /includes/functions.php on line 3903: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at /includes/bbcode.php:483) [phpBB Debug] PHP Notice: in file /includes/functions.php on line 3904: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at /includes/bbcode.php:483) Gra na automatach • programosy.pl Aktualizacje na programosy.pl: Chromium • Kaspersky Rescue Disk • Vim • Slack • Mozilla Thunderbird • DownloadHelper • Metatogger • Brave Browser • Far Manager        Przejdź do treści   Wyszukiwarka Forum   • Strona główna ‹ INNE ‹ Multimedia i Rozrywka ‹ Gry   • Zmień rozmiar czcionki   • Regulamin   • FAQ   • Rejestracja   • Zaloguj    • Ogłoszenie:  Gra na automatach  Informacje oraz porady dla sympatyków wirtualnej rozrywki. Instalacja, opinie, solucje... Zapraszamy Wyślij odpowiedź 8 posty(ów) • Strona 1 z 1  Gra na automatach  Postprzez nadifur 07 Lip 2025, 20:24  reklama Nie wiem, czy ktoś miał podobnie, ale w weekend odpaliłem Book of Dead i prawie od razu wszedł bonus. Myślałem, że skończy się na kilku euro, a tam nagle trzy razy symbol z najwyższą wygraną. Wypłaciłem ponad 250€, co jak na mój mały depozyt było szokiem. Niestety, potem zacząłem znowu grać na automatach z megaways i połowę kasy oddałem w godzinę. Człowiek niby wie, żeby się zatrzymać, ale łatwo powiedzieć. Awatar użytkownika nadifur ~user   Posty: 17 Dołączenie: 01 Paź 2022, 17:48   • E-mail   Góra  Gra na automatach  Postprzez bettyvill 14 Lip 2025, 17:25  Znam ten klimat aż za dobrze. Te szybkie bonusy potrafią człowieka totalnie nakręcić i potem już trudno zejść na ziemię. Dlatego od jakiegoś czasu staram się robić sobie limity na grę, żeby nie przeginać. U mnie najlepiej sprawdza się granie w jednym miejscu, bo mam wszystko pod kontrolą – saldo, historię wypłat itd. Korzystam z GGBet i jak na razie nie miałem żadnych problemów z kasą ani supportem. Po prostu wygodnie mieć wszystko w jednym panelu i nie skakać po dziesięciu stronach. Awatar użytkownika bettyvill ~user   Posty: 16 Dołączenie: 01 Paź 2022, 17:12   • E-mail   Góra  Gra na automatach  Postprzez momser 14 Lip 2025, 18:42  Czasami mam wrażenie, że ta cała zabawa to bardziej test cierpliwości niż strategii. Nigdy nie wiadomo, czy akurat dziś trafisz coś dużego, czy zniknie ci saldo w dwadzieścia minut. Ten brak pewności jest chyba największym magnesem. Awatar użytkownika momser ~user   Posty: 15 Dołączenie: 03 Paź 2022, 00:17   • E-mail   Góra  Gra na automatach  Postprzez ASIM BUSHRA 02 Sie 2025, 13:42  I found your this post while searching for some related information on blog search...Its a good post..keep posting and update the information. Togel SGP  Dodano Dzisiaj, 17:18: i love reading this article so beautiful!!great job! situs toto online  Dodano Dzisiaj, 11:54: Great! It sounds good. Thanks for sharing.. Tentoto ASIM BUSHRA ~user   Posty: 542 Dołączenie: 28 Sty 2024, 18:02   • E-mail   Góra  Gra na automatach  Postprzez ASIM BUSHRA 13 Sie 2025, 19:17  Love to read it,Waiting For More new Update and I Already Read your Recent Post its Great Thanks. Tentoto  Dodano Dzisiaj, 21:40: Thank you for taking the time to publish this information very useful! BO Togel ASIM BUSHRA ~user   Posty: 542 Dołączenie: 28 Sty 2024, 18:02   • E-mail   Góra  Gra na automatach  Postprzez ASIM BUSHRA 21 Sie 2025, 17:38  Thanks for a wonderful share. Your article has proved your hard work and experience you have got in this field. Brilliant .i love it reading. Tentoto Daftar  Dodano Dzisiaj, 13:57: Thanks for a wonderful share. Your article has proved your hard work and experience you have got in this field. Brilliant .i love it reading. Tentoto Daftar  Dodano Dzisiaj, 11:09: Thank you for taking the time to publish this information very useful! idncash link alternatif ASIM BUSHRA ~user   Posty: 542 Dołączenie: 28 Sty 2024, 18:02   • E-mail   Góra  Gra na automatach  Postprzez ASIM BUSHRA 05 Wrz 2025, 23:17  Tôi đã thử nhiều nơi nhưng vẫn quay lại hi88 casino vì cảm giác an toàn. hi88.con  Dodano Dzisiaj, 16:22: i love reading this article so beautiful!!great job! tentoto login  Dodano Dzisiaj, 22:26: Excellent info on liver detox. I came across HepatoBurn while researching supplements. Wondering if it actually delivers on its claims.hepato burn official website ASIM BUSHRA ~user   Posty: 542 Dołączenie: 28 Sty 2024, 18:02   • E-mail   Góra  Gra na automatach  Postprzez ASIM BUSHRA 14 Wrz 2025, 10:12  This is such a great resource that you are providing and you give it away for free. I love seeing websites that understand the value of providing a quality resource for free. It is the old what goes around comes around routine. togel online trerpercaya  Dodano Dzisiaj, 14:22: I am hoping the same best effort from you in the future as well. In fact your creative writing skills has inspired me. bandar togel  Dodano Dzisiaj, 16:25: Your blog provided us with valuable information to work with. Each & every tips of your post are awesome. Thanks a lot for sharing. Keep blogging, video ngentot  Dodano Dzisiaj, 19:03: Terima kasih atas postingan yang bagus. Saya juga berharap Anda melakukan upaya terbaik yang sama di masa mendatang. Bahkan, keterampilan menulis kreatif Anda telah menginspirasi saya. lombaqq  Dodano Dzisiaj, 23:36: Saya menemukan postingan Anda ini saat mencari informasi terkait di blog... Postingannya bagus.. teruslah posting dan perbarui informasinya. dewapokerqq  Dodano Dzisiaj, 17:48: I am hoping the same best effort from you in the future as well. In fact your creative writing skills has inspired me. situs tentoto ASIM BUSHRA ~user   Posty: 542 Dołączenie: 28 Sty 2024, 18:02   • E-mail   Góra Wyślij odpowiedź 8 posty(ów) • Strona 1 z 1  Powróć do Gry  Kto jest na forum  Użytkownicy przeglądający to forum: Brak zarejestrowanych użytkowników oraz 9 gości    • Strona główna   • Ekipa • Usuń cookies utworzone przez forum • Wszystkie czasy w strefie UTC + 2 godziny Powered by phpBB © Group Forum Programosy.pl
__label__cc Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: preg_replace(): The /e modifier is deprecated, use preg_replace_callback instead in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/bbcode.php on line 483  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 27  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 28  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 29  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 30  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 31  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 32  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 33  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 35  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 36  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 37  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 38  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 39  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 40  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 41  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 42  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 43  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 44  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 45  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 47  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 48  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 49  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 50  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 51  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 52  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 53  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 54  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 55  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 56  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 80  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 81  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 82  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 83  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 84  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 85  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 86  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 87  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 88  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 89  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 90  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 91  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 92  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 93  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 94  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 27  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 28  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 29  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 30  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 31  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 32  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 33  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 35  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 36  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 37  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 38  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 39  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 40  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 41  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 42  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 43  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 44  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 45  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 47  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 48  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 49  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 50  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 51  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 52  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 53  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 54  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 55  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 56  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 80  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 81  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 82  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 83  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 84  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 85  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 86  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 87  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 88  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 89  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 90  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 91  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 92  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 93  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 94  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 27  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 28  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 29  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 30  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 31  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 32  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 33  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 35  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 36  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 37  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 38  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 39  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 40  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 41  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 42  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 43  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 44  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 45  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 47  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 48  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 49  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 50  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 51  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 52  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 53  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 54  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 55  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 56  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 80  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 81  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 82  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 83  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 84  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 85  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 86  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 87  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 88  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 89  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 90  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 91  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 92  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 93  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 94  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 27  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 28  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 29  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 30  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 31  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 32  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 33  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 35  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 36  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 37  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 38  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 39  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 40  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 41  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 42  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 43  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 44  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 45  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 47  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 48  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 49  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 50  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 51  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 52  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 53  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 54  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 55  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 56  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 80  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 81  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 82  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 83  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 84  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 85  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 86  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 87  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 88  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 89  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 90  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 91  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 92  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 93  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 94  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 27  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 28  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 29  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 30  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 31  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 32  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 33  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 35  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 36  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 37  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 38  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 39  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 40  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 41  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 42  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 43  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 44  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 45  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 47  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 48  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 49  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 50  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 51  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 52  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 53  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 54  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 55  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 56  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 80  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 81  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 82  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 83  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 84  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 85  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 86  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 87  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 88  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 89  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 90  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 91  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 92  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 93  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 94  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 27  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 28  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 29  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 30  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 31  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 32  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 33  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 35  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 36  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 37  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 38  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 39  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 40  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 41  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 42  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 43  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 44  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 45  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 47  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 48  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 49  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 50  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 51  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 52  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 53  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 54  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 55  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 56  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 80  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 81  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 82  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 83  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 84  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 85  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 86  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 87  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 88  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 89  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 90  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 91  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 92  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 93  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 94  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 27  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 28  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 29  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 30  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 31  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 32  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 33  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 35  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 36  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 37  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 38  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 39  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 40  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 41  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 42  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 43  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 44  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 45  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 47  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 48  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 49  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 50  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 51  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 52  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 53  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 54  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 55  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 56  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 80  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 81  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 82  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 83  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 84  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 85  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 86  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 87  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 88  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 89  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 90  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 91  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 92  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 93  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 94  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 27  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 28  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 29  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 30  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 31  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 32  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 33  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 35  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 36  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 37  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 38  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 39  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 40  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 41  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 42  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 43  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 44  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 45  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 47  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 48  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 49  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 50  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 51  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 52  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 53  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 54  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 55  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 56  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 80  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 81  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 82  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 83  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 84  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 85  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 86  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 87  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 88  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 89  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 90  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 91  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 92  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 93  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 94  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 27  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 28  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 29  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 30  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 31  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 32  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 33  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 35  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 36  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 37  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 38  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 39  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 40  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 41  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 42  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 43  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 44  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 45  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 47  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 48  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 49  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 50  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 51  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 52  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 53  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 54  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 55  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 56  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 80  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 81  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 82  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 83  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 84  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 85  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 86  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 87  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 88  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 89  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 90  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 91  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 92  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 93  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 94  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 27  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 28  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 29  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 30  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 31  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 32  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 33  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 35  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 36  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 37  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 38  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 39  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 40  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 41  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 42  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 43  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 44  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 45  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 47  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 48  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 49  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 50  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 51  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 52  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 53  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 54  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 55  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 56  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 80  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 81  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 82  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 83  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 84  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 85  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 86  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 87  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 88  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 89  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 90  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 91  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 92  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 93  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 94  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 27  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 28  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 29  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 30  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 31  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 32  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 33  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 35  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 36  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 37  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 38  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 39  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 40  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 41  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 42  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 43  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 44  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 45  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 47  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 48  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 49  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 50  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 51  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 52  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 53  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 54  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 55  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 56  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 80  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 81  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 82  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 83  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 84  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 85  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 86  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 87  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 88  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 89  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 90  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 91  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 92  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 93  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 94  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 27  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 28  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 29  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 30  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 31  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 32  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 33  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 35  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 36  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 37  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 38  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 39  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 40  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 41  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 42  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 43  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 44  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 45  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 47  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 48  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 49  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 50  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 51  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 52  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 53  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 54  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 55  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 56  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 80  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 81  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 82  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 83  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 84  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 85  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 86  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 87  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 88  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 89  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 90  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 91  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 92  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 93  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 94  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 27  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 28  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 29  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 30  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 31  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 32  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 33  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 35  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 36  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 37  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 38  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 39  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 40  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 41  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 42  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 43  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 44  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 45  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 47  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 48  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 49  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 50  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 51  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 52  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 53  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 54  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 55  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 56  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 80  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 81  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 82  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 83  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 84  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 85  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 86  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 87  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 88  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 89  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 90  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 91  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 92  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 93  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 94  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 27  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 28  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 29  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 30  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 31  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 32  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 33  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 35  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 36  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 37  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 38  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 39  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 40  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 41  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 42  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 43  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 44  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 45  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 47  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 48  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 49  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 50  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 51  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 52  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 53  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 54  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 55  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 56  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 80  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 81  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 82  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 83  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 84  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 85  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 86  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 87  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 88  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 89  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 90  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 91  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 92  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 93  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 94  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 27  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 28  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 29  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 30  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 31  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 32  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 33  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 35  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 36  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 37  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 38  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 39  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 40  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 41  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 42  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 43  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 44  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 45  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 47  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 48  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 49  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 50  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 51  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 52  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 53  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 54  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 55  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 56  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 80  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 81  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 82  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 83  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 84  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 85  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 86  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 87  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 88  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 89  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 90  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 91  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 92  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 93  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 94  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 27  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 28  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 29  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 30  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 31  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 32  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 33  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 35  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 36  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 37  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 38  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 39  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 40  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 41  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 42  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 43  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 44  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 45  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 47  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 48  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 49  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 50  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 51  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 52  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 53  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 54  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 55  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 56  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 80  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 81  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 82  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 83  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 84  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 85  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 86  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 87  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 88  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 89  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 90  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 91  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 92  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 93  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 94  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 27  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 28  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 29  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 30  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 31  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 32  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 33  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 35  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 36  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 37  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 38  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 39  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 40  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 41  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 42  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 43  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 44  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 45  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 47  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 48  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 49  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 50  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 51  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 52  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 53  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 54  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 55  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 56  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 80  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 81  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 82  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 83  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 84  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 85  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 86  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 87  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 88  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 89  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 90  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 91  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 92  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 93  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 94  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 27  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 28  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 29  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 30  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 31  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 32  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 33  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 35  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 36  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 37  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 38  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 39  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 40  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 41  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 42  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 43  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 44  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 45  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 47  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 48  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 49  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 50  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 51  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 52  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 53  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 54  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 55  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 56  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 80  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 81  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 82  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 83  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 84  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 85  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 86  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 87  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 88  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 89  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 90  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 91  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 92  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 93  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 94  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 27  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 28  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 29  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 30  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 31  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 32  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 33  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 35  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 36  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 37  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 38  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 39  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 40  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 41  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 42  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 43  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 44  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 45  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 47  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 48  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 49  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 50  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 51  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 52  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 53  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 54  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 55  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 56  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 80  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 81  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 82  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 83  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 84  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 85  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 86  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 87  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 88  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 89  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 90  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 91  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 92  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 93  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 94  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 27  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 28  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 29  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 30  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 31  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 32  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 33  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 35  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 36  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 37  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 38  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 39  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 40  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 41  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 42  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 43  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 44  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 45  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 47  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 48  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 49  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 50  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 51  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 52  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 53  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 54  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 55  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 56  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 80  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 81  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 82  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 83  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 84  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 85  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 86  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 87  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 88  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 89  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 90  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 91  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 92  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 93  Deprecated: Function eregi() is deprecated in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/functions_gfxua.php on line 94  Strict Standards: Non-static method utf_normalizer::nfkc() should not be called statically in /home/mati/domains/forum.programosy.pl/public_html/includes/utf/utf_tools.php on line 1663 [phpBB Debug] PHP Notice: in file /includes/functions.php on line 3900: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at /includes/bbcode.php:483) [phpBB Debug] PHP Notice: in file /includes/functions.php on line 3902: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at /includes/bbcode.php:483) [phpBB Debug] PHP Notice: in file /includes/functions.php on line 3903: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at /includes/bbcode.php:483) [phpBB Debug] PHP Notice: in file /includes/functions.php on line 3904: Cannot modify header information - headers already sent by (output started at /includes/bbcode.php:483) Reklama produktu • programosy.pl Aktualizacje na programosy.pl: Chromium • Kaspersky Rescue Disk • Vim • Slack • Mozilla Thunderbird • DownloadHelper • Metatogger • Brave Browser • Far Manager        Przejdź do treści   Wyszukiwarka Forum   • Strona główna ‹ PROGRAMOSY ‹ Grafika & Webmastering   • Zmień rozmiar czcionki   • Regulamin   • FAQ   • Rejestracja   • Zaloguj    • Ogłoszenie:  Reklama produktu  Wszystko odnośnie tworzenia grafiki - obróbka, problemy, oceny. Tworzenia Stron internetowych - HTML, PHP, MySQL... Wyślij odpowiedź 211 posty(ów) • Strona 7 z 11 • 1 ... 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11  Reklama produktu  Postprzez mantapkang 15 Sie 2024, 22:50  reklama Really like your article here and i already read it all, we have a very good website that based on online games let's explore to our sites. Rajasawit77 mantapkang ~user   Posty: 1 Dołączenie: 15 Sie 2024, 22:09   • E-mail   Góra  Reklama produktu  Postprzez farave 17 Sie 2024, 13:02  I am pleased, I have to state. Really not often will i come across your blog which is every educative as well as enjoyable, and let me tell you, you have got strike the actual toenail about the head. The idea will be exceptional; the difficulty is something that doesn’t sufficient folks are speaking wisely about. I am extremely comfortable which i stumbled all through this kind of in my search for a very important factor relating to this. Ironclad farave ~user   Posty: 235 Dołączenie: 29 Lip 2024, 13:55   • E-mail   Góra  Reklama produktu  Postprzez DFGHJKL 19 Sie 2024, 16:20  I am glad to be a visitant of this stark website ! , appreciate it for this rare info ! . 먹튀검증 https://www.mtsna.com DFGHJKL ~user   Posty: 247 Dołączenie: 03 Lip 2024, 12:11   • E-mail   Góra  Reklama produktu  Postprzez hussain 20 Sie 2024, 16:41  Hey There. I found your blog using msn. This is an extremely well written article. I’ll be sure to bookmark it and return to read more of your useful information. Thanks for the post. I’ll definitely comeback. diseño web monterrey hussain ~user   Posty: 449 Dołączenie: 12 Cze 2024, 12:06   • E-mail   Góra  Reklama produktu  Postprzez farave 21 Sie 2024, 17:24  How can i extend the range of a Wireless N router? I have an Xtreme N handheld router (Dlink). I have to extend the reach in the wireless signal. I know how to do it for the G signal. I want to know how to do the idea for an N sign. Is it possible make use of regular N routers as repeaters. If so, how to configure them. Thanks for that information. toto12 daftar farave ~user   Posty: 235 Dołączenie: 29 Lip 2024, 13:55   • E-mail   Góra  Reklama produktu  Postprzez affan09 21 Sie 2024, 17:47  Using Heat Therapy with Levator Scapulae Stretches for Better Results activeflexibility.com affan09 ~user   Posty: 124 Dołączenie: 13 Kwi 2024, 11:07   • E-mail   Góra  Reklama produktu  Postprzez hussain 22 Sie 2024, 08:32  Usually there are some fascinating time limits here however I don’t know if they all center to heart. You can find some validity however I’m going to take hold opinion until I investigate it further. Good article , thanks and that we want extra! Included with FeedBurner as properly 에볼루션 카지노 hussain ~user   Posty: 449 Dołączenie: 12 Cze 2024, 12:06   • E-mail   Góra  Reklama produktu  Postprzez DFGHJKL 24 Sie 2024, 13:10  Yes, really. I join told all above. We can communicate on this theme. Here or in PM. boy789 DFGHJKL ~user   Posty: 247 Dołączenie: 03 Lip 2024, 12:11   • E-mail   Góra  Reklama produktu  Postprzez farave 24 Sie 2024, 17:18  I simply wanted to make a quick note to express gratitude to you for all of the unique information you are showing on this site. My prolonged internet look up has at the end of the day been paid with extremely good know-how to write about with my friends. I ‘d believe that we visitors are very much fortunate to live in a wonderful website with many brilliant individuals with helpful suggestions. I feel quite privileged to have discovered the web page and look forward to tons of more fabulous times reading here. Thank you again for a lot of things. click my site here – alternative medicine institute kolkata cenzura-spam les marketing farave ~user   Posty: 235 Dołączenie: 29 Lip 2024, 13:55   • E-mail   Góra  Reklama produktu  Postprzez hussain 26 Sie 2024, 14:35  I found your blog on yahoo and can bookmark it currently. carry on the nice work. Luxury Private Tours hussain ~user   Posty: 449 Dołączenie: 12 Cze 2024, 12:06   • E-mail   Góra  Reklama produktu  Postprzez farave 26 Sie 2024, 16:41  Keep up the fantastic work, I read few posts on this website and I conceive that your web blog is really interesting and contains lots of fantastic information. <a href="https://brightsun.hk/services-gov-tvp/">科技券</a> farave ~user   Posty: 235 Dołączenie: 29 Lip 2024, 13:55   • E-mail   Góra  Reklama produktu  Postprzez DFGHJKL 27 Sie 2024, 13:58  You created some decent points there. I looked online with the problem and discovered most people is going in conjunction with with all your site. Custom Printed Clothing DFGHJKL ~user   Posty: 247 Dołączenie: 03 Lip 2024, 12:11   • E-mail   Góra  Reklama produktu  Postprzez hussain 28 Sie 2024, 15:13  Below is enjoy no doubt fabulous. Every one of these mild elements are designed by applying lots of basic foundation focus. I enjoy them all greatly. https://motorepublik.co/  Dodano Dzisiaj, 07:59: Hey. Very cool website!! Man .. Beautiful .. Superb .. I’ll bookmark this site and take the feeds also…I’m satisfied to find numerous useful information here within the article. Thanks for sharing… tình dục sinh viên  Dodano Dzisiaj, 08:17: Substantially, the article is really the freshest on that valuable topic. I match in with your conclusions and definitely will eagerly look forward to your next updates. Saying thanks definitely will not just be acceptable, for the amazing clarity in your writing. I will certainly immediately grab your rss feed to stay privy of any updates. Authentic work and also much success in your business efforts! tình dục sinh viên hussain ~user   Posty: 449 Dołączenie: 12 Cze 2024, 12:06   • E-mail   Góra  Reklama produktu  Postprzez farave 05 Wrz 2024, 13:30  Spot i’ll carry on with this write-up, I truly believe this website wants additional consideration. I’ll more likely be once more to see additional, thank you that info. 高雄牙醫 farave ~user   Posty: 235 Dołączenie: 29 Lip 2024, 13:55   • E-mail   Góra  Reklama produktu  Postprzez DFGHJKL 07 Wrz 2024, 13:31  It’s appropriate time to make some plans for the future and it’s time to be happy. I have read this post and if I could I wish to suggest you few interesting things or advice. Maybe you can write next articles referring to this article. I wish to read more things about it! J88 Tặng 88k DFGHJKL ~user   Posty: 247 Dołączenie: 03 Lip 2024, 12:11   • E-mail   Góra  Reklama produktu  Postprzez EshaSeo 08 Wrz 2024, 09:31  This particular is usually apparently essential and moreover outstanding truth along with for sure fair-minded and moreover admittedly useful My business is looking to find in advance designed for this specific useful stuffs… วิเคราะห์บอลล่าสุด: ฟอร์มทีมไหนมาแรง? EshaSeo ~user   Posty: 496 Dołączenie: 01 Kwi 2024, 09:19   • E-mail   Góra  Reklama produktu  Postprzez DFGHJKL 08 Wrz 2024, 12:45  Do you need to rank higher for your keywords? Do you need more quality backlinks? Is your website under-performin g on the search engines. สูตร สล็อต DFGHJKL ~user   Posty: 247 Dołączenie: 03 Lip 2024, 12:11   • E-mail   Góra  Reklama produktu  Postprzez farave 09 Wrz 2024, 12:17  Thanks for making me to gain new suggestions about computers. I also have belief that certain of the best ways to help keep your mobile computer in primary condition is by using a hard plastic material case, as well as shell, that matches over the top of one’s computer. Most of these protective gear tend to be model unique since they are made to fit perfectly in the natural covering. You can buy them directly from owner, or via third party sources if they are available for your notebook computer, however its not all laptop can have a spend on the market. Once more, thanks for your guidelines. เว็บ ปั่นสล็อต ฟรี farave ~user   Posty: 235 Dołączenie: 29 Lip 2024, 13:55   • E-mail   Góra  Reklama produktu  Postprzez DFGHJKL 09 Wrz 2024, 16:07  I just wanted to type a quick comment to thank you for some of the splendid items you are showing on this site. My extended internet search has finally been recognized with extremely good facts to go over with my visitors. I ‘d assert that many of us visitors are truly endowed to be in a fine network with many marvellous people with interesting hints. I feel rather privileged to have seen your entire website page and look forward to so many more pleasurable moments reading here. Thanks a lot again for a lot of things. สล็อต pg เว็บตรง แตกหนัก DFGHJKL ~user   Posty: 247 Dołączenie: 03 Lip 2024, 12:11   • E-mail   Góra  Reklama produktu  Postprzez vahamo 12 Wrz 2024, 08:54  Excellent post. I simply stumbled upon your blog and also wanted to claim that I’ve really appreciated exploring your blog articles. Regardless I will be subscribing to the nourish and i also hope you write again shortly! Kelly Bates Asks Supporters not to Take out their Anger on NBC 10 vahamo ~user   Posty: 5166 Dołączenie: 19 Lis 2022, 17:16   • E-mail   Góra PoprzedniaNastępna Wyślij odpowiedź 211 posty(ów) • Strona 7 z 11 • 1 ... 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11  Powróć do Grafika & Webmastering  Kto jest na forum  Użytkownicy przeglądający to forum: Brak zarejestrowanych użytkowników oraz 2 gości    • Strona główna   • Ekipa • Usuń cookies utworzone przez forum • Wszystkie czasy w strefie UTC + 2 godziny Powered by phpBB © Group Forum Programosy.pl
__label__cc   • About Us     • What To Expect     • Homeschool Cooperative     • Statement of faith     • Mission Statement     • Our Board     • Policies   • Classes     • 2024-2025 schedule     • Nursery & PreschooL     • Classes Available     • Fees   • Waiting list   • FAQ's   • Contact Us     • Contact Us   • Calendar   • login     • Living Legacy Academy     • Home     • About Us       • What To Expect       • Homeschool Cooperative       • Statement of faith       • Mission Statement       • Our Board       • Policies     • Classes       • 2024-2025 schedule       • Nursery & PreschooL       • Classes Available       • Fees     • Waiting list     • FAQ's     • Contact Us       • Contact Us     • Calendar     login      Welcome      Living Legacy Academy is a co-op of Christian homeschooling families gathering weekly in the Sioux Falls Metro area. We are glad you have found us! Learn more about what we do and when we meet by clicking the About Us button above.      We do have availability in our 1st, 2nd, 5th & 6th grade classes. Please see the Classes page for more information.             Learn more »      Select Image      You have characters left.      You have characters left.      link     cancel save      What To Expect      We at Living Legacy Academy would count it a true honor to have you join us. We know that wherever you are in the homeschooling journey, you need others to come along side you. Visit our what to expect page to put your nerves at ease.             Learn more      You have characters left.      You have characters left.      link      Select Image     cancel save      We Are His Workmanship      For we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus for good works, which God prepared beforehand, that we should walk in them. - Ephesians 2:10             You have characters left.      You have characters left.      Select Image     cancel save     Previous Next      meeting      Mondays 8AM,     K- 12th Grade, preschool & Nursery availble      Location      Sioux Falls Metro Area      Contact      P.O. Box 90154     Sioux Falls, SD 57109     livinglegacyacademy@gmail.com      Contact Us      Living Legacy Academy     livinglegacyacademy@gmail.com     P.O. Box 90154     Sioux Falls, SD 57109      Sitemap      • About Us     • Classes     • Waiting list     • FAQ's     • Contact Us     • Calendar      christian co-op        Calendar          Administration Login:          The "Admin" link below is how you will access administration area which allows you to manage your website. Your login credentials were sent to you via email at the time of purchase.          Login Now Dismiss         © 2026 All Rights Reserved · Living Legacy Academy · Privacy Policy · Admin         powered by          Register for this event          Thanks for registering!          Your registration has been received.          Email a Friend          URL: https://llasiouxfalls.com/          Thanks for sharing!          Your email has been sent.          Login          Password Update Required          For your security, it's time to update your password. Please choose a new password to help keep your account safe. This won't take long, and you'll be back in action in no time!          refresh my password          Invalid login info          Login          forgot password?         or          Don't have an account? Request one!          Enter your email below and a new password will be sent to you. After you login with this new password you can change it in the settings area.         * An account for this email address does not exist.         Reset Password          Your New Password Has Been Sent!          We have just sent an email containing a new password to login. You can always change this password by logging in and visiting the settings page.          Two-factor authentication          Enter the verification code provided by email.          Cancel Login Use recovery code          Authentication Failed          The verification code you entered is invalid.          Cancel Resend Code          Recovery Code          Enter the recovery code to verify your identity.          Cancel Login          Request an Account          A person with this email already exists         Create Account         or          Create an Account          Your request for an account has been received. Once this information is moderated you will receive an email with your account details.          Welcome to ChurchSpring!          Continue          Maximum Navigation Items Reached          You have reached the limit of 6 main level navigation items. You can always rename or delete your existing main nav items to better organize your content. Consider adding pages to the sub navigation menus as well.          Ok          Max navigation items exceeded          We’ve noticed your navigation has more items than recommended for best user experience.          Best Practice: Keep the number of navigation items to 6 or less.          Why? Too many links can overwhelm visitors and increase the chance that a user will exit your site.          Recommended Action: Reduce the number of navigation items for a better, and more efficient user experience. To learn more, click here to read a detailed help article.          Ok          Are you sure you want to delete this item?          Yes          Notification Text          Dismiss          Notification Text          content          Dismiss         Saving          We are processing your request. Please do not click anything until this process is completed.         Thank you.                    Processing...          Request Information          Your message has been sent!          Plan Your Visit          Give A Virtual Hug To Your Guests          ChurchSpring’s Plan Your Visit pop-up form helps visitors feel comfortable and confident about what to expect before they even attend a service. In addition, you can save guests’ contact information, capture service and event RSVPs, and follow up with important information.          So easy to use and resources provided helped to make a very much improved website.         David LevanduskyPastor · Living Waters Assembly of God         Upgrade Now! Available on Grow and Flourish Plans          Sermons Feature          Spread God's Word: Anytime, Anywhere.          The Sermons Feature allows you to extend the powerful message of the Gospel beyond your local community. ChurchSpring makes it incredibly easy to upload, organize, and promote your church's sermons for listeners near and far.          ChurchSpring offers a solution that can help us be more involved with outreach through media.         Charles WestbrookPastor · Pelion Baptist Church         Upgrade Now! Available on Grow and Flourish Plans          Live Steaming          Expand The Reach of Your Church          Experience a church website builder that integrates live streaming right on your website with a no-stress. Setting up your church’s Live Streaming Platform takes minutes! Your members will never miss an online sermon again with automatic website banner notifications.          ChurchSpring is the best thing that happened to my church! We are online and going to stay online.         David DailPastor · Faith Center Bible Ministries         Upgrade Now! Available on Grow and Flourish Plans          Church Directory          Always Up To Date + Accessible Anywhere          A centralized contact management system that allows admins to manage members and visitors online or on the app. Church leaders can access prayer requests, notes, giving history, and more while your church fellowship receives secured access to contact information. And it’s all kept within your church website builder for easy integration!          In a time where we are "virtually" reaching out to our congregation and community this is a great tool being used to spread the Gospel of Christ.         Tim OlsonPastor · Berkeley Avenue Baptist Church         Upgrade Now! Available on the Flourish plan          Groups          Goodbye Isolation, Hello Church Groups Software by ChurchSpring          Say hello to your complete, centralized community groups management solution. Encourage deep community with the ultimate church groups software. Create public or private groups to increase communication with your members and sync group gatherings with your church calendar to save time.          Thank you for enabling me to take our ministry to a new place with your tool. I am a big fan.         Mike HeathPastor · Kathleen Baptist Church         Upgrade Now! Available on the Flourish plan          Social Scheduler          Save Time With the Only Church Social Scheduler          Create a schedule for your church’s social media promotions right within your website! Schedule sermons, events, or blog posts in a breeze. We’ll automatically post them to your social media channels, so you can focus on your ministry.          I love how when I post to social media an event or blog how it brings in the picture and the look of the post on social media. This has been a great move for us!         Mark ManzerPastor · Waterford Community Church         Upgrade Now! Available on Flourish Plans          Event Registration          Unlock Effortless Event Planning          Streamline your church events with our efficient online event registration. The effortless signup process and accessible event details make hosting successful gatherings a breeze, enhancing your ability to bring your members together without stress.          ChurchSpring is user friendly. I enjoy the calendar–easy to post and very easy to locate.         Cheryl HaddenAdministrative Admin         Upgrade Now! Available on Grow and Flourish Plans          Block Arrangement          Click and drag a block to re-order it.          Save Changes         Welcome Block         Blank Text Block         Centered Text Block         Event Block         Audio & Video Block         Form Block         Map Block         Left Image Block         Right Image Block         Left Image Block         Right Image Block         Centered Text Block         Headline Block         Gallery Block         Column Block         Accordion Block          ----          ------- ------- -------          ----          ------- ------- -------          ----          ------- ------- -------          ----          ------- ------- -------          Thank you!          Your account has been updated!          Close          Confirm Tax Status Update          Another admin has already updated this account’s tax status to .          If you continue, your new selection will replace their entry as the current status. Click “Override & Save” to confirm your change or “Cancel” to keep the existing status.          Cancel Override & Save          Action Not Allowed          Unable to process request for the provided email address. Please ensure the user has appropriate permissions or contact support@churchspring.com for assistance.          Close          Confirm Your Tax-Exempt Status          Since you’ve indicated that your ministry is tax-exempt, you should not be charged sales tax on your ChurchSpring subscription.          Click the button below to save your response and update your account.          Cancel Submit          Is your organization tax-exempt?          By selecting "Yes," you affirm that your organization is exempt from sales tax under federal and/or state law as a religious nonprofit. You accept responsibility for any tax liability if that exemption is found invalid.          No Yes          You can change your answer at any time in the settings area.
